Hello Gentleman,

Prime Minister Mitsotakis pleasure to have you on thank you for it. So I want people to remember that Greece was the country that everyone was worried was going to bring Europe down, bring the Euro down, was really seen as a kind of sick man of Europe. And you're in a very different position. Now, the economist says you are one of the economic winners in the in the winner list. What happened? Well, I think it is, indeed, a very interesting story of an economic transformation. We came into power in July 2019. And we inherited the country and an economy that was still traumatized, not just as a result of financial crisis, but also traumatized from our experiment with with populism, which essentially unnecessarily prolonged the crisis for four additional years. And we came into power with a very clear commitment to restore Greece to a high growth trajectory, by implementing what I would consider common sense reforms, lowering the tax base, making the country more attractive for foreign direct investment, making sure that we digitize our sort of rather opaque and antiquated bureaucracy, while at the same time behaving in a responsible manner, in terms of our obligations towards climate. So we had from the very beginning, a very aggressive approach on the issues of the green transition. And in spite of the fact that we had to deal with multiple crisis, I think we've succeeded in turning the country around. And if I look at the image of Greece today, and I compare it to three years ago, when I was again at Davos, pitching my story at the time at the beginning of our term, then I sensed interest, but also skepticism. Now we have the facts to support the argument that we have in the turn the corner, that Greece is no longer the sick man of Europe, and that we're actually leading Europe on numerous fronts when it comes to innovative public policy. And this, of course, gives us strength and energy as we move into our election cycle to make a case that we should be given the opportunity to govern the Greek Greece for four more years. Are you going to go into election now? At some point in the spring? Yeah. Let's talk some of the numbers Greece's growth rate now, I mean, 5.6%, for 2020 to 8.4%. In 2021, I expected growth, the closer to 2% than 1%, in 2023. And we may even surprise on the upside. But I think equally important numbers of foreign direct investment record years 2120 record year again 2022. And we did that without compromising our fiscal sustainability priority. So if you look at debt to GDP, we've had the fastest decline of debt to GDP than any other European country, to the point where no one talks about the Greek debt being an issue. No one talks about Greek banks being an issue. I remember when we came into power, we had NPS at 40% of the bank's balance sheets. Now it's single digits. So all of these, there were many clouds, and they seem to have they seem to have cleared, which gives us also room to to plan for the future without being in constant crisis management mode. The green transition is also quite impressive. At this point, what percentage of Greece's electricity is produced from renewables with close to 50%. And their days, today, for example, is a lovely day back in Greece. sunny, windy, without not too hot, not too cold. So we don't have many requirements and close to 90% of the electricity during the day will be produced by renewables and the word day is in October word for hours, we produced 100% of our electricity from renewables, we have 12 gigawatts of installed capacity of wind and solar and a very aggressive plan to roll out wind and solar for the for the next years. So when you look at, you know, to me that with what's interesting about the grid cases, you have a center right government, pro market, but as you say, responsible on green issues also on protecting the vulnerable. Is there a model here for how to stave off populism because I look at it, it does seem even though Biden's government has center left it there, there are similarities here. I think the main cleavages today are not so much between the center right in the center left between those who believe in in policy, pragmatism. And you know, in a well functioning democracies, and those who promise the moon while at the same time undermining democratic institutions. In our case, you're right I center right politician, but many of the policies that we've pursued could be labeled as as rather progressive and I've been making a case that the next phase of the Greek growth cannot be funded by debt. That's what we did. When the country went bankrupt in the first place, but also needs to focus on innovation on the green transition on the digital transition, but also needs to be fair. So what we've done and I think we've done successfully, was to make sure that all the support we provided our citizens and our businesses was always and is always means tested. So we resist the temptation to horizontally cut, for example, vat or excise taxes. But we do recycle, for example, windfall profits, from our two main refineries. So we take 600 million, and we recycle them into a voucher to help vulnerable households with a supermarket purchases. So I would argue that there is a template Yes. For a progressive approach, whether you label it, you know, in our case, it comes from the center, right, because we passionately believe in the power of innovation, and the strength of the of the private economy. But at the end of the day, Greece is interesting, because in this upcoming election, Greeks will compare between four years of the previous government, which was, in my mind, you know, a populist government that didn't really do the country much good and four years of our government. So if we are going to win, as I believe we, we will, it will be a vote of confidence. But I think it's also an election that should be noticed outside the borders of Greece because many democracies are struggling with similar dilemmas. So the old cleavages you know, right versus left, in my mind are no longer as relevant as a distinction between the more authoritarian populace and more pragmatic, progressive Democrats. I think this is the real dividing line today in in many Western democracies. Now, one of the things fueling populism almost everywhere in the West, and in Greece had this issue, front and center was immigration. How have you dealt with it? Why do you think that that that issue has not become as dominating as it was? I think that's a good question. Although in Greece, immigration became a big problem back in 2015, when the previous government adopted an open border policy. I'll give you an interesting statistic in 2015 75% of all illegal migrants who entered Europe entered through Greece, in 2022, that number dropped to 5%. So we've reduced our, our immigration flows by almost 90%. And we said that we will protect our borders, but we will do so in a humane manner. And I can tell you for because we do get criticism on this issue, that by protecting our borders, at land, but in particular at sea, we are putting less lives at risk, the fewer people you have in the sea trying to cross into in degrees have fewer accidents, you you will have so I think we've been good at eradicating the smuggler's networks. And if you look at our islands now, when we came to power on a single Island, Lesbos, which is a big island had 25,000 migrants and refugee refugees on that island alone, it was a part of kick, now, you know, less than 1000. So the local communities are happy. But it also gives us sort of breathing space to work more on proper integration policies, we've cleared the backlog in terms of our asylum applications. And we also tell people, if we, if you give you asylum, don't move to Europe, if you want to stay in Greece, there will be jobs in Greece, we're faced with the same labor shortage than many other countries are unemployment is coming down, it has come down by 6%. And we already have labor shortages, for example, in agriculture. So I think we have imposed the a tough, but fair migration policy. And right now, if you look at the public debate in Greece, migration is really a non issue. But there seems to be that seems to be part of the formula for a centrist pragmatic government to not allow immigration to turn into an issue. Yes, because otherwise not, because otherwise you will feel the the, you know, the the extreme right? In Greece, the way we position ourselves, is, you know, liberal and the economy progressive on social policies, but rather patriotic when it comes to foreign policy, defense, we spending more on defense, we have a difficult neighbor, I inherited a situation where our armed forces have not received any significant investments for more than than a decade. So our defense posture is important in our part of the world. So yes, I think this sort of patriotic, liberal progressive approach and you can actually do all three, I don't see any inherent ideological contradictions in what I'm describing to you. I think you have a case that you can actually appeal outside the narrow outside your party base, and I was actually successful in bringing people to the party that never had voted for a center right party in the past and I hope I'll be able to replicate that in the coming elections. Now, you face a geopolitical storm in Europe. How has the Russia Ukraine war affected you? It has affected all of us on numerous fronts. First of all, I hear sometimes lots of criticism about, you know, how Europe has reacted is Europe really in decline? I am very much against this logic. Because I think it's wrong. I think in Ukraine, we stood the ground in Greece, which was, is a country that has historical ties to Russia cultural religious ties, but we were very clear from the beginning, we want to be in the end, we will be on the right side of history. And we supported Ukraine, we supported it on all fronts, including with military equipment, and I'm convinced we did the right thing. But of course, the big impact for Europe has been energy. In particular, the price of gas, I think we were very naive in in Europe for many years, our over dependence on on Russia caused us huge problems. And I think we were in that case, we were also slow to react, I was the first to advocate for a cap on the price of natural gas, started back in March, finally convinced, you know, the Council and the Commission to adopt it in December. Since then, not only for that reason, I want to be honest, but the price of gas has collapsed, had we been able to move earlier, we would have saved ourselves a lot of money. And we would have not given the opportunity to Russia to make money out of limited supply of gas but at exorbitant prices. So I think the one, if there's one good thing that comes out of this, this horrible war, it's that it will push the green transition at a faster pace, it will force us to diversify our supplies of gas. Greece has a very important role to play. We are we are see country, we're investing in our LNG facilities. We want to bring in gas into Europe through Greece. I was speaking for example, now with the President of Moldova, we want to help our our Balkan neighbors, we help Bulgaria and stuff like that. So we want to be a provider of energy security for our region as they diversify, as these countries diversify away from Russia and gas. But at the end of the day, we know that renewables are the cheapest, most environmentally friendly, but also geopolitically safe choice. So I think what you will see is, is an even bigger push towards renewables. Right now, what I see there in Europe is a massive subsidy energy subsidies. I'm talking Europe wide to the tune of almost $600 billion this year. And there still is a real reluctance to invest in, for example, natural gas, because of a sense that it's fossil fuels. Yet, you do need the energy today, wouldn't it make sense to invest in actual in natural gas facility? I think I think we had this debate that at the European Council. Some, some people thought that you can move from fossil fuels and particular coal to renewables at the flick of a switch, it was a fantasy. It was wrong, it is wrong, we will need natural gas for the foreseeable future. But investments that will make it natural gas also need to be hydrogen ready. For example, we just I was just in northeastern Greece, where we're late, we started an investment in a new natural gas electricity plant that will actually cover the Balkans. But it is hydrogen ready. So when we invested you natural gas infrastructure, we need to think but we'll come after natural gas. But we're also starting serious exploration work in Greece, the Eastern med has natural gas, we know that those gas samples there's gas in, in Israel, there's gas in Egypt, I could be guessing Greece now working with Exxon Mobil. And you know, by the very soon, we will know if there's something meaningful there that we can actually extract. So I don't necessarily see these. These these two trends competing in the short to medium term, we're still far away from having the sort of storage investments and technology to replace natural gas as baseload. And of course, the same is also true for nuclear nuclear results are going to be part of the mix. We're not a nuclear country, we will never have nuclear reactors. But we're not going to hit Net Zero without nuclear in 2050. But yet, you say you won't build one. It's difficult to start a nuclear business from scratch, especially in a country where it's going to be even more expensive because of earthquakes. We're looking at, you know, the new small modular reactor technology is interesting. If there was a breakthrough there, maybe we could contemplate it. For the moment, it may make more sense to import, you know, electricity from Bulgaria or Romania. They have an installed base of nuclear, European Union and Russia and sanctions. You know, there are concerns that yes, Europe is united now. But over time as the costs rise, will its citizens be willing to bear those costs? You've been privy to all the conversations. Do you worry about that? No, I don't for two reasons. First of all, because I think we've seen the worse in terms of the gas prices, it was what we had to go through was horrible in terms of the the sacrifices and money we had to spend, things are better, there still may be volatility, but I doubt we will see the highs that we saw in 2022. This means that there will be less pressure in terms of inflation, and less need to subsidize our energy bills. And the second is because we see that our support is actually meaningful, that it can turn the tide. And we I think we have a moral but also a geopolitical obligation to continue supporting Ukraine. And in the case of Greece, I would argue for one additional reason, we don't want to set any precedents, in terms of aggressive revisionist powers think that they can, thinking that they can expand at the expense of other powers without, without suffering massive consequences. So you, you're raising a subject that I wanted to bring up, Greece is full of beautiful islands, one of them is castlerea. So I imagine you would not want people to vacation there, right? Because Is there a danger you will go to war with Turkey over this tiny island, we will not go to war with Turkey. Although we have, we've witnessed a lot of tension over the past three years, customers only is only one of the beautiful, you know, Greek, Greek islands. And speaking of vacationing, we've had a fantastic tourism season in 2022. And it looks like we will have a bumper year again in 23. And of course, tourism is very important for our economy. Look, we should be able to sit down with Turkey as reasonable adults and resolve our main difference, which is the delimitation of maritime zones in the Aegean of the Eastern Mediterranean. It's a complicated issue because of the geography of the Aegean. But we've been able to resolve similar problems with our neighbors. We did it with Italy, we did it with Egypt. And with Albania. we're contemplating taking the issue to the international court and let the court decide on our behalf. As long as you agree on the playbook. And the playbook is you resolve your problems according to international law, and in particular, the United Nations Convention on the Law of the seas, you don't provoke unnecessarily provoke your neighbors, you open keep channels of communication open. And I think it's also never helpful to sort of weaponize foreign policy for domestic reasons, it's usually not a good approach, because you end up poisoning your public opinion. And I'm more concerned with, you know, because there's a lot of noise in Turkey about, you know, Greece, you know, building up its its armed forces, and I ask anybody reasonably believe that the Greek Islands are a threat to the Turkish mainland? Or is it more realistic to believe that the Turkish mainland is a threat to the Greek islands, especially keeping in mind, the Cyprus story in 1974, we had an invasion. And you know, a third of the island is still occupied. So I think that after the elections, it's interesting that they will take place around the same time in both countries. I don't know which government will emerge out of Turkey. But certainly, I think there are ways of lowering the tension, working on issues of common interest, agreeing to disagree. But even if we agree to disagree, we can do so in a civilized manner. We don't need to be we don't need to, you know, threaten each other, or engage in overflights or other very provocative activities at risk, increase the risk of an accident. Do you think President Erdogan wants to resolve these issues? I've spoken with President Erdogan many times. Although we've had our you know, we've had a very, very difficult moments. I don't think that I do not consider the impossible to find a solution with President Erdogan, you you said in a previous interview that first he has to give up his Ottoman fantasies. Yeah, I mean, that's important because at some point, there are issues which are simply off the table. We cannot discuss the issue of sovereignty of Greek islands. We cannot accept, for example, the fact that Turkey signed a memorandum of understanding with Libya that denies Crete any rights to maritime zones. These are completely unacceptable premises. So if we narrow the discussion to the real issues, yes, we can find a solution. But if we broaden the discussion to issues that I'm not willing to discuss then we cannot have a discussion. President Erdogan is currently holding up Sweden's membership in NATO, your influence? As I understand that the main issue is with Sweden. Greece has been a member of NATO from the from the beginning. Do you think his objections are valid? No. And I think he's not. He's not helping the Alliance at a time when we need to be rock solid. But I also need to point out that Turkey is not imposing any sanctions on Russia. It's the only NATO country that is not imposing sanctions on Russia, which is also an issue because there's significant sanctions leakage. So, you know, I understand that, you know, every country has a right to formulate its own foreign policy. But I do need to point out that when it comes to making sure that the Western alliance is strong, you know, Turkey is not exactly consistent with what all the other NATO member states have done, and Finland and Sweden, apart from the fact that they have made the difficult decision to abandon, you know, decades of neutrality to join NATO will also be valuable additions to the alliance. Do you Do you believe that when you think about this, in terms of you come from a background in markets and such, it seems very unlikely that the sanctions against Russia are going to be lifted anytime soon? So we are in a world where Russia is simply isolated from the world economy, the entire the energy markets, global commerce, we'll just have to adjust to that. Right, exactly. This is this is what's happening. And I think this is regardless of what will happen and we all hope that the war will, will stop because it's it's horrible, what's happening. Every day people lose young, young, you know, young people in Ukraine user lives, you know, defending the country. But I think Russia's isolation from the World Economic Order, is a is going to be a long term pattern. For example, I don't think anyone will. Even if something we recklessly were to happen in the world war two stop, I don't think that Russia will find that many customers for his gas. The future everyone is looking to diversify and diversify in the long term, not just in the short term. When you think about this issue, you know, the Europe has been very united and in lockstep, really, with the United States, in confronting the issue of Russia. How do you think Europe will react to America's increasingly belligerent views on China? First of all, with your right to point out that Ukraine has strengthened the transatlantic bond. But there are some, some other issues which have caused turbulence, you know, China is a difficult problem. And I do, and I do sense my belief has always been that, of course, China is a strategic competitor or rival on many topics, but there are issues, the world needs to work with China, such as climate, the climate issue cannot be resolved if we don't bring anybody on, onboard. And in the in that sense, China's rule is important. But there's also another issue, which in my mind, is more imminent. And it's causing us a lot of headache in Europe. And that is the inflation Reduction Act, which is an important piece of legislation in terms of driving the US towards carbon neutrality. So it's good from from that perspective, but it's causing us a lot of headaches, because it's also protectionist. Legislation, and I'm sure that Europe will need to come up with with a response. We already had our response to COVID, which was significant, and in my mind, a milestone for Europe. The next generation, you find what we call the recovery and resilience facility, 750 billion euros if you just look at Greece 31 billion for Greece alone, 19 billion in grants, and the balance in low interest loans. We've already received 11 billion. This is a lot of money to invest in digital in green in skills in competitiveness issues. But I would imagine that there will be a response or the I would say there should be a response to the IRA. But do you worry, you're right that the United States has taken measures that are flatly protectionist Buy America provisions and things like that? If Europe puts in place a series of provisions that are flatly protectionist, aren't we going towards a world that is very different from the one that people want it to be in? More open? More fun? I think I think I think you're right. I think that there are ways to work around the legislation in terms of how it's implemented. I understand the point made by many of my us friends that this was not done to punish Europe, but certainly there are consequences for Europe, maybe in the implementation of the legislation. There's ways to work to work around this. But at some point, we also have a responsibility to protect our own industrial base. And if we talk to companies that tell us look, frankly, you know, with the incentives that we have in place, I mean, I'm calling Comparing moving my production for Europe to the US, we're not just gonna, we can't just sit at look at this format. And the solution for it is not just to relax state aid rules. Because if we were to just do that the big beneficiaries are going to be the big economies. If you look at state aid, you know, post COVID 50% 50%, of all state aid, went to Germany, when we relaxed the COVID, state aid rules, so it is important that we keep the cohesion of Europe intact. And that is why, in tandem with the relaxation of state aid, which I think is going to happen, I think we need a bigger European facility in similar to what we did with, with COVID. To add additional firepower to invest more specifically in clean tech. You have been a successful businessman, you and I think fair to say a successful politician, which was harder. There's no comparison. I mean, politics is extremely complicated. It's, especially in times of crisis. We had to we had to go through very sort of difficult challenges, you know, you know, because if you in our case, it was not just covered in Ukraine, we also had migration and Turkey. So we had to hold the whole package. But at the same time, it's tremendously rewarding job when you when you see, you know, real results. And when you improve people's lives, at the end of the day, we're in the solutions business. And if anything, I hear a lot of talk in Davos about you know, business being, though in the solutions business. But we've proven that politics, we also need to be able to deliver, deliver real results and be rather pragmatic in our, in our approach, that's where the business background can be helpful if you aspire to be a politician. But the last three and a half years have been challenging, extremely challenging, sometimes very difficult, very painful. When you have to deal with issues such as COVID. Where you know, lives are at stake, very stressful. But at the end of the day, when you look back at your record, when you make your case to the people to be reelected, if you feel good with yourself about the fact that you've tried very hard, you've done your best, you've given it your best, you acknowledge your mistakes, because mistakes were made. You sleep well at night, and that's very, very important when you have to run a campaign. Prime Minister, pleasure to have you thank you for it. Thank you very much. 

Mr. President, dear participants, distinguished guests and friends, we are joined today by His Excellency Yan xiao qian, President of the Republic of Korea, for a very special address with the President. It's a great honor to welcome you here in Davos. At such a critical juncture in both your leadership and to collective tasks that we face globally. I had the opportunity to meet with you just a few weeks after the presidential election, where I congratulated you and we discussed how to solidify the World Economic Forum's long standing cooperation with Korea. I remember your commitment to attend the annual meeting. And here you are your permits kept. I cannot express how deeply I appreciate and respect your dedication and eagerness to will engage ins reforms in your country in your very first year, already as the President of the Republic of Korea, championing also the overall peace and prosperity. The Republic of Korea place today an indispensable role not only in terms of geopolitical security, but also in supply chain connectivity, industrial transition and climate change. The world of course, has closely watched as you pour Klamath will claim to reinforce public private cooperation see essence halls of civil Economic Forum to meet all sales challenges. So participants in zoom, as well as the many vessels joining us online, are all eager to hear your vision for Korea in sibbald. Mr. President, once again, a very warm welcome to Davos, so floor is yours. Honorable participants and distinguished guests. First, I would like to thank Professor Schwab for organizing today's event for Europe, it is my honor to be here with you at World Economic Forum annual meeting, which boasts of more than half a century history since its original founding as the European management forum in 1971. The World Economic Forum has been contributing to empowering citizens around the world to enjoy greater freedom, and building global peace and prosperity by serving as a venue for in depth discussions on global agenda. It is truly meaningful for me to have an opportunity to be here with you today, and stick ways for us to cooperate to overcome the numerous challenges were facing. The world is under the pressure pressure of economic uncertainty and the polio crisis, the pandemic geopolitical conflict. The rivalry for technological hegemony and the weakening of multilateral trade system have led to the fragmentation of the global supply chain causing it to reshape the war in Ukraine has exacerbated supply chain disruptions. supply shocks have occurred in various sectors ranging from vaccines and pharmaceuticals to semiconductor and critical minerals that are the industrial backbones and to food and energy resources, which are the necessities for humanity. supply shocks in these factors have spilled over to the broader economy. During such reshaping of the global supply chain, cooperation between countries in the realms of security, economy and advanced technologies has been increasingly regarded as a package deal, giving rise to the trend of block forming among countries. The crisis brought by climate change and the health and digital device are threatening the freedom of citizens worldwide and international communities peace and prosperity. The way to overcome these challenges is for us to strengthen cooperation and unite In solidarity, as the boundaries between security economy and cutting edge scientific technologies are blurring, we not only need cooperation between businesses in the form of b2b cooperation, but also urgently need systems for G to G or G to be cooperation through which each nation's government and businesses in his private sector actively cooperate with one another. Even in the current global economic landscape marked by fragmentation, the free trade system which has contributed to global economic growth and enhanced humanity's freedom remains a global public good that can never be forsaken. building walls and intensifying protectionism cannot be the right answer, we'll learn to be sure the process of globalization has shed light on the problems of the financialization of the real economy and polarization. Even so, we must make take, make efforts to rectify these issues and respect the free trade system based on multilateralism. By allowing the free flow of products, capital, knowledge and information across borders, ensuring diversity and expanding connectivity, we should expand our small block to form a larger block. So don't you know what you enjoy during the UN General Assembly last September, I stressed in my speech, that the first step in our journey to overcome the crisis and seek answers in this watershed moment is to respect the universal global norms and UN system and to unite in solidarity. Current situation characterized by block forming also calls for the global economic orders return to the free trade system based on the universal norms, and international communities strengthen solidarity and cooperation. So again, Shimon, I tell you why when our commitment to contributing to empowering global citizens to enjoy greater freedom, and building the international community's prosperity translates into specific actions, we can indeed tackle the pressing challenges ahead of us. Here at the web, as I would like to call for strengthening the global supply chains resilience for sustainable economic prosperity, a transition to a low carbon economy, and that actually responding to the climate crisis and ensuring energy security, bolstering global cooperation to bridge the gaps in responding to help threats, and lastly, establishing a digital order contributing to freedom and prosperity for all. The most urgent task of our time is to strengthen the resilience of supply chains based on reciprocal solidarity. Making the global supply chain more resilient is also a task to be pursued in the spirit of freedom and solidarity. by forging robust solidarity among nations, we must establish a resilient supply chain and pursue the coexistence of citizens worldwide. The Republic of Korea, which boasts the world's top notch production technologies and manufacturing capabilities in semiconductor rechargeable batteries, still making and biotechnology will be a key partner in the global supply chain. We will align and cooperate with mutually trusted countries in full compliance with the universal rules in order to secure the global supply chains stability. Meanwhile, the court Korean government's recently announced Indo Pacific strategy encapsulates our will to work with and innovate with nations that uphold the values of freedom, peace and prosperity. We will contribute to prosperity for all humankind by developing economic and technological ecosystems by cooperation and inclusiveness through tackling the climate crisis and is another task of great importance for all of us. Overcoming the climate crisis has become a common agenda for all nations on Earth, and major economies are working to achieve their net zero targets. Though although energy security is emerging as an urgent agenda to address, energy transition, and energy security are not mutually exclusive goals. As a key means to bolster our energy security, while reducing our reliance on fossil fuels. We must turn our attention to nuclear power and clean hydrogen. Nuclear power plants enable a stable power supply while we do Use in greenhouse gas emissions. The Korean government has already unveiled a plan to systematically pursue the carbon neutrality target by expanding the share of nuclear power in our energy mix, thereby bolstering our energy security. The Republic of Korea has world class technological prowess in nuclear power generation, as well as our standing nuclear power plant construction and operation capabilities, and is willing to work with nations that need to tap into nuclear power technology to achieve their carbon neutrality goals. Clean hydrogen is now receiving attention as a game changer for future energy. In hardcopy sectors such as steel, chemical and shipping industries, hydrogen can be a solution they plays a key role in achieving the goal of carbon neutrality. To this end, the Middle East and Europe that have great potential for green hydrogen production, and the countries with advanced technologies in utilizing hydrogen, such as Korea and Japan need to cooperate with each other. I hope that the internet international community can closely communicate with each other to design the clean hydrogen certification scheme, and establish the standards and incentive policies on the production utilization and distribution of hydrogen in the future. Through green ODA, the Republic of Korea will further reduce the technological and financial gaps between countries and help the developing countries adapt to climate change and mitigate greenhouse gas emissions. Korea will continue to make efforts to share its innovative green technologies with all humanity, vulnerable global leaders. The gap in the health system between countries poses a threat not only to individual freedom, but also to sustain the prosperity of the international community. Korea has pledged to share its experiences and achievement in response to health crisis and joint international effort to bridge the gap in pandemic response capabilities between countries in particular will secure financing for the prevention of and response to pandemic while nurturing workforce in the biotechnology sector to boost vaccine production capacity. Korea will also take the lead in cooperating with other countries to respond to new infectious diseases in the future. The international community must work together to further develop vaccines, therapeutics and diagnostics and other measures against infectious diseases and ensure equal access to them for a global citizens. Digital same is true for the digital divide. Digital in this era of great digital transformation, the digital divide is emerging as a new challenge. In response to such challenge, we need to build a global digital order so that digital technologies can help global citizens expand their freedom. The Korean government is to create the digital Bill of Rights in Korea, which can contribute to the establishment of a digital order in the world. The digital Bill of Rights in Korea define the right to enjoy digital technologies as a universal right to humanity, and propose the basic principles to resolve novel issues that may arise in an era of great digital transformation. The Government of the Republic of Korea aims to create a digital platform government then marries government on data and private sector services. Based on the private sectors creative ideas, as well as innovative technologies in AI. Cloud computing, information processing and network will radically upgrade administrative services, which will conduce to building an effective social safety net. As a leading country in digital technology, career has shared its digital government experiences with the developing countries and actively promoted digital Oda will continue to make efforts to share and disseminate digital technologies and our experiences in the future. Honorable Professor Sharpe and global global leaders the structural problems that the world is currently grappling with cannot be resolved without cooperation and solidarity. Our modern history has proven to us that an unwavering spirit of solidarity to protect and expand a freedom is the most powerful force to overcome a crisis. The Responsible At to present a better future to the next generation, the responsibility to expand freedom of global citizens and responsibility to achieve sustainable peace and prosperity, a calling for our stronger solidarity, and solidarity in action. The wisdom we share at this year's forum was served as valuable resources to protect and expand the freedom and prosperity of global citizens. Thank you. Mr. President, thank y'all for outlining your policies. And your speech has shown, I think two things First, how much as a country is embracing some modern world, particularly its fourth industrial revolution. I coined this notion and I know my book was most sold in Korea, by the way, which shows how as a country has embraced this notion of new technologies, and its importance of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. But you also outlined, particularly so we'll say Republic of Korea is playing into international geopolitical and geo economic context. Before asking two or three questions. I just want to use this opportunity to welcome very much severity strong delegation business litigation, which we have from say Republic of Korea, we really have here public private, great public private cooperation, Mr. President, in in your speech, your highlight it very much. See roll see supply chains are playing at this moment and see reshaping of supply chains, which is taking place. And my question would be, what practical steps what are the policies, which you will undertake, to make sure the set instance supply chain reshaping of the world, Korea plays a major 101 News Cubot hebbal CAD and then we need to restore and recover the supply chain and there can be many types of supply chains that needs to be restored. within Korea, first of all, semiconductor is a prime example under general channel best semiconductor is regarded as the main grain of the industrial activity and it is the necessity of the modern society and modern industrial activity. steady supply of semiconductor is necessary to underpin the modern industrial activity. However, due to many geopolitical conflicts and other factors, the semiconductor supply chain is currently experiencing block forming based on some technologies. At the same time, Songjiang imbalance economic growth of the moral society is experiencing contract Shin at the moment up to the minute, if possible, we have had to go in the pandal chair is the semiconductor technologies that Korea has should be produced by an in many countries and what can be shared with other countries should be shared options and where we have technological advantages or competitive edges, we need to pursue various cooperation and Bucha projects and initiatives so that we can facilitate a steady supply of semiconductor as the semiconductor technology is so important in today's era, of course, we might not be able to avoid a block forming foundations in this realm. But we will utilize all our resources and capabilities to strengthen operation and collaboration with other countries so we can recover the semiconductor supply chain. So it can contribute to the further industrial development of the world. As the President, I would like to come back to the issue of energy transition. Every country has to find survived equilibrium between amongst three objectives in this transition. It's of course, affordability, its resilience, and its sustainability. Could you tell us, you mentioned also, your reliance on nuclear energy? Could you tell us more about the strategy of your country to become to become to reach Net Zero? Korea has largely relied on fossil fuels. And it's been about over 40 years since we started in nuclear power generation, about a little over 20% of the energy supply is coming from the nuclear energy. The Korean government pursued phased out policies to reduce nuclear power share in our energy mix, so that that policy has been in place for a few years. So the nuclear power ecosystem was in a difficult phase. To achieve Net Zero target. technological power should be strengthened the new renewable energies on Georgia, then we should expand nuclear power generation a bit more. That's our plan. Regarding the nuclear power generation, in addition to constructing more nuclear power plants, they also wished to share our nuclear power technologies with other countries. And through various ways of export and cooperation with those countries. We will make sure that nuclear power will be used as a main energy sources in the international community as a major clean energy, energy and in the new renewable energy sector. As well, the government will be strongly pursue for the technological use of new renewable energies. So the wind power or the solar power will be actively used, and will upgrade the technological strength of these energies and through strong cooperation with the private sectors. We will share the technologies of renewable energies and renewable energies with international communities so that we can develop those technologies all together. There's the last event I switch to a more political issue. We talk now very much when we look at the reshaping of the global order of the geopolitical order. We, I think you also use this term in your speech, like minded countries or coalition's based on values coalition's based on mutual trust. Now, how do you plan in this context, and foresee Korea's relations with key partners in the region? Of course, I'm thinking of China and Japan? And how will strengthening of new alliances based on trust, impact peace and stability in security and print opinions? And the region in general? Do you attend Bucha in Japan, there are countries that share universal values. And those countries that share the values will be key partners in our cooperation in economy and security. And so this is an unavoidable choice for us. However, you're such a phenomenon of loss forming, which will lead to increased cooperation among like minded countries. However, this is not about excluding any particular country. And it should not aim at excluding or distancing some countries because they will not be aligned with the multilateral lessons that have contributed to global prosperity, and Korea is a peace loving country, and we aim to contribute to mutual prosperity for all and the international community's prosperity, countries that will not invade us and that are willing to cooperate with us, our cubeware potential partners that we are willing to cooperate in many different sectors including climate action. We are open to cooperate with any country with any system as long as they share those values. Japan will just like the United States share many of the universal values and have very similar economic and political systems. China, of course, has some differences from my country. However, close cooperation with like minded countries that share values, even if they have different political systems show some differences. They will not be excluded from our realm of cooperation, we will become more inclusive and more converging when pursuing cooperation. Sec kill very much, Mr. President. Ces concludes this interesting and very, very important session on the Republic of Korea. Please give a big hand to the President and to the business delegation. 

Ladies, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us for the for this very special session at the world, the World Economic Forum. We've had many extraordinary conversations here. But I think this one is going to be truly special. We have an address by a world leader and then a panel of world leaders to discuss what is really the central issue in the world today, which is Russia, Russia's war on Ukraine, the West's response was response and where that will go. Just to start us off, you know, they sometimes say there are people who need need no introduction. I think that this might be the definition of such a person. But I think there's another definition that comes to mind. I think that in in years to come when dictionaries are trying to decide how to you describe and define the word courage, they might say such a quality as president Zelensky of Ukraine demonstrated during during the Russian invasion of his country. So without any further ado, first order of businesses. We will hear directly from Keith live from the from the President of Ukraine. I will take one second before to just let you all know we have a very special situation situation right now, which is the first lady of Ukraine is in the audience. And she will be watching watching her husband, Mr. Mr President. Ladies and gentlemen 10 hours ago a tragedy happened to gnocchi the helicopter crash planned live for the Minister of Internal Affairs is Elise and helicopter when it found near a kindergarten 14 of Ukrainian families lost the loved ones to the men anymore or losing the battle because I should ask you to honor the memory of Mr. Carson in his last without a minute of silence. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you for this meaningless only one minutes, but it keeps your memory about so many people. You grin lives 1000s of such students including three minutes on January 14, three minutes. The time for Russian visa to travel hundreds of kilometers. He's a residential block in rural and kill at least for the live video. qualifying children my address will be short about the time we are short of about small minutes about yours many of these units. Three years ago I spoke at the mall for the first time in Orissa. The topic was how to build a cohesive and sustainable world I'm talking online now. And the topic is how to cooperate in and divided for romantic war. There you go cannot keep the peace with changes and challenges. The list of crisis global security, environmental food security Energy wants needs to be amended with another one. The tire crisis, the list of calls for decisive, efficient joint actions means to be extended with one more the call for Spirit, the Spirit of decisions making reaction of the civilized world. three instances are outpacing life, the tyranny is outpacing the demand. Russia needed less than one second to serve the world. The world needed this to react with the fewest sanctions. The time the free world uses to thin is used by the terrorist state to kill you. Ukraine and its allies have been resisting aid for almost a year this period prove all our prompt actions brought positive results. The opening of European borders we ran out the grand deal the energy unit together they said millions millions of lives and not only in Ukraine. It is not only Ukraine but the whole world needs exactly this pace of decisions and x the world was hesitant in two zero 14 When Russia without hesitation occupy the Crimea the world was hesitant in the two zero 22 When Russia without hesitation made to work full scale the wall must not hesitate today, and never when the envelope seeks revanche, the wall will miss result and spirit. Russia is exporting terror Russia is spreading that strain of the world around the world. Ukraine offers the war and peace formula please 10 steps that the world must make faster than Russia makes. It's the most mobilization on the war must out please and next military mobilization of our joint enemy. The supplying of Ukraine with air defense systems must outpace Russia's next missile attacks. The supplies of Western tanks must outpace another invasion of Russian tanks. The restoration of security and peace in Ukraine must outpace Russia's attacks on security and peace in other contexts. A tribunal for military crimes must prevent new models, the expansion of NATO and really you must outgrow the spread of the Russian aggression. We routinely defend values which some of the allies take for granted as a fact of life for us is the fact of life in the world in need of restaurants and Prom steps. Ladies and gentlemen, three years ago was my first time at WTF it was the time when the ward was hiding COVID-19 fault and won. Now the world is fighting against Fujitsu. In three years, we will be discussing new challenges and threats in the voice. What will this mean? It will mean we will definitely overcome the current threat. The History repeats itself. It helps us the old either fails to notice or other estimates a threat then it's you nice to resist it and then the world waits every time the same our conquer the world overcame Nazism. The Palm Pilot and panics they indifference to climate changes financial crisis and the Kremlin string, no gold oil or GM again these Here's how much can be said in a matter of minutes. This is how much can be understood in a matter of minutes the world will overcome. Again, the time is high, to make it happen faster, slow Okay. Mr. Mr. President, thank you so much for that moving address. Let me let me ask you a few questions. I know how pressed pressed you are so, so thank you in advance for this. And of course, let me extend my condolences. And I think everybody in this audience has condolences for the terrible tragedy that took place in Ukraine. In November and December, the world watched with amazement as Ukrainian forces liberated in one town and city to another. It seems now as though the war has moved into something that looks more like a stalemate. Can you can you tell us what what war looks like to you on the front lines right now? If I can't ask you. This was the question, you know. Yeah, you know, for eight. Thank you for your condolences, by the way. I think when you came on land, some of our child into the war doesn't look good. It has not been good since the beginning and trailing winter time, it slows down for known understandable reasons. Everyone gets tired. The nature is the people warm up. Thanks, God, the enemy, too. That's how it looks. It looks as follows. Daily are just fine. It's the east of our country means we are standing strongly, resolutely, I'm thankful to the Warriors, living bonds, they're ones that we've unfortunately lost for the bravery. It's very important to know that we are strong, not just in the history of our country, but it's really hard. But we are also strong inside the nation inside our state, we are united we are mobilized because we are motivated. It was not us who started the war. But it is us you will have to end it. And it will our lands are having it do occupied with your respect to our people and our sovereignty in other parts of our nation. The South North to control the situation. And definitely the processes have slowed down a bit for a variety of reasons. Number one is very thin appearing reminders. It is not just about us keeping United inside the country, we need to have the whole world united and out our joint failures. And because of that we truly need are those of us to continue that support of Ukraine to contain you with supplies of necessary ammunition that we required to get directed over the enemy into battlefields. We also need the financial support. I'd like to thank all the nations, the European Union for the support of our budget deficit, and that continuing to support us this year. I also think it is really important that you know, given the energy challenges that we are seeing and this these are surely related to this respect of the humankind's you know the facts ago against our grades against our energy sector with Iranian drones with Russian missiles in order to instill chaos inside the country. Because of that, you definitely need assistance from our partners with different system. Lots of these. I know this is a deficit But I'd like to thank Oh, many countries worldwide for their assistance. Also, with alternative energy connectivity solutions from what it looks like now, Russia intends to get this revenge. We think that they will succeed because they're fighting not just Ukraine, but the whole civilized approach towards life. Thank you. Yesterday in Davos, Henry Kissinger, suggested that while Ukraine must be supported, and in fact, he came out in favor of Ukraine's membership in NATO, there must also be a dialogue with Russia, because Russia must be a part of the global order. You know, Russia very well, you speak Russian fluently? What are your thoughts on Russia's place in the world? I don't know the proper place. Today, I think that Russia has already earned a place in my interests. And this no longer depends on their leadership. Now, I think their leaders are no longer affecting the development of Russian Federation, its sculptured and so on. Everything depends on the strength of Ukraine. It's supported by the partners, the political support from the world, as well as from the Russian society. They have to open their eyes, if they want to see the future of the Russian Federation with the eyes, they have will have to recognize their own mistakes, they will have to recognize the UN statutes, and they will have to really respect our territorial integrity. I'm really glad to hear that Mr. Kissinger changed his mind. Our priority today, our political task today is to see that different political leaders and figures, those who are still very relevant, so have been relevant until recently, for them to be able to recognize the great mistake that Putin committed for them to recognize this as Russia's aggression. These moments, it is very important for them as well to political pressure on Russia to stop this bloody aggression. As regards NATO. We clearly understand that security guarantees are among the top priorities for us. Speaking of our formula for peace, it is a mothertongue priorities. They don't understand that at the moment, we are allotted not again, unfortunately, Russia does understand this as well. And they do their damnedest to not make it easier for us to join. But we are on the way towards later because they it is the best security guarantee for us, for our country for our gates for our country. So we have suggested security guarantees for our nation and we think that the civilized world is going to support our proposals. Finally, Mr. President, the accident, the helicopter crash, we think was an accident. We hope it was an accident, but it did raise in my mind and it of course must have raised in your mind the question of your own safety. Do you feel that there are still ongoing active threats that are increasing? Do you worry about your own security every day? No, I'm not worried about that. Don't have anything to add here You said you said it once. You don't need a ride you need ammunition right. No one has been there was none. Nothing has changed. We still need ammunition. I am not in case to anything to anywhere. Just to add with your permission. You said accident. I'd like to tell you that because of the board experience that I have now, like society has now this is not an accident because it has been due to poor and the poor has many dimensions not just from the battlefield. There are no accidents at war time. These are all board results. Absolutely. Although steps everything happening, missiles striking our civilians. Our kids being killed and kindergartens at schools. Someone might try me would read the formation that it was us who get our own civilians at the crosshairs and they were just wanted to hit some power block and that just a mishap. This is different. Just empty words. Every individual every death is a result of the war. Mr. President, thank you for your time. You've been very generous. Best of luck. 

mitigation Good morning, we're starting our Davos with the most important topic, the future of our planet. So it's great to see so many friends here. And also people that I had the pleasure to work with over decades that I know are very committed to making sure that our planet doesn't catch fire, and that we also use the necessary tools that we have to make sure that we get climate change under control. And that we follow up now, on the pledges from Montreal, that was an amazing meeting. For the first time we decided 30 by 2030 30% of our nature should be protected for future generations by 2030. Since we now have 70% of nature we have decided to use maybe we can let those coming after us decide if about the 30% left. I don't think that's about it. This is really about also making sure that this is a decade of delivery. So far, it hasn't been, but it's time to change after drum shake. And Rania, thank you for your leadership there. We know it's about financing. No, we have to walk the talk by also making it possible. There is a financing gap. All the pledges were made, and they made progress. Remember, John, before we went to Paris, we were both foreign ministers back then. And we were Yeah. We also were on track for like a four degrees thing. After Paris, I think it was reasonable to think that we at least could make it three degrees. Of course, the goal was 1.5. After Glasgow, I think we were more or less on track to 2%, two degrees. I think after Sharm there is a possibility to reach 1.5. And we did not move away from 1.5. But is know about financing. It is really making sure that the whaleboat technology both on mitigation, but also adaptation has to be implemented. And that's why we have also gathered the philanthropic community here. And we know we can do more in this field. I saw a report last night preparing for this, that only 2% of the philanthropic funding goes to nature and climate, philanthropic philanthropy is doing a lot of very important things in many, many sectors globally, that's for sure. But I think there is a potential to step up in the area related to our planet, because here, we are really defining if we are going to have really sustainability in the future. And as you can see, the Gaia initiative is very important for us. The guy initiative, of course, is our planet. Greek mythology, is really about how we can make sure that philanthropy also does its part when it comes to saving our planet. So we have a great panel, and also a lot of great people in the room that I know is super committed. I couldn't think of anyone and I mean this from the bottom of my heart that could introduce this topic better than Secretary John Kerry, John, you have been so committed to the environment, oceans, climate, and even as Secretary of State in the US where there is a lot of geopolitics. We know that it's not the lack of that still, but even the Secretary of State ate, you put the oceans and climate on top of your agenda. And I don't know any other secretary of state that has done it in the way you did it, and no other foreign minister. So it's a pleasure to have you back in Davos. John, my dear friend, and I'll give you the floor hair. Thank you. It really is important to be here. Let me try to slow down here and focus on the task at hand if I can. And I'm privileged to share a few thoughts with everybody here. I keep set up last night I daughter is here, she does a lot of work in health. And we met up last night, we're sitting there talking, you know, so how do we change the way people were thinking about this and talking about it? And why is it that allegedly wise, adult human beings, CEOs, some of the United States Senator, some of them a whole bunch of votes? Why don't we ignore science? And why don't we ignore mathematics? And what do we ignore physics and somehow cannot bring themselves to do what we need to do. And when you stop and think about it, it's pretty extraordinary that we select group of human beings, because of whatever touched us at some point in our lives, are able to sit in a room and come together and actually talk about saving the planet. I mean, it's so almost Extra Terrestrial to think about, quote, saving the planet. And if you said that to most people, most people, they think you're just a crazy tree, hugging lefty, liberal, you know, do good or whatever. And there's no relationship. But really, that's where we are. You look at what's happening with species, half the species of the planet and then already killed. And if you've looked at the way we live, the incredible sort of destructive process of growth, the way we interpret it, not not as enlightened growth, but as it's a robber baron growth, growth, driven by a lot of different things. We had 18 separate $1 billion dollar cost events in the United States last year. And you're looking at Pakistan with 30 million people in one single event were displaced, and their lives were affected, uh, you know, extraordinary people, you run around the world, I'm not going to do it now. Because this group is smarter than any group and you're, you know, what's motivating and bring you here. But damn it all, we have to find a way to, to get really serious about bringing the corporate world on board around the world. Mark, thank you, for you and a whole bunch of folks who have been just brilliant leaders in really laying this out. And that's not a throwaway. Thank you. It's making a huge difference. There is an I'm thinking for the first time and the last year is because of what burger just said about we were somewhere around three degrees, three to four, maybe when we went to Paris, and we're not Yeah. So there's on the one hand, on the other hand, life that we're all leading right now. On the one hand, the destruction is unfathomable flooding, it's just amazing, not just in California, but Nigeria, Uganda, Mozambique in different places. And somehow we leaders to lead have got to be able to bring folks to the table and organize ourselves around real things that are really going to make the difference. Now that tip the balance from this, on the one hand on the other, we have to make it on, here's where we are, here's where we're moving. It's all excitement. It's all a brilliant possibility set of possibilities, because because of where technology and creativity and civic efforts and the marriage of young people who want a future with folks like you here who are close to young still but moving on. The reality is folks that I mean, this this is the time where we have to get it done and make it all meaningful. Now the private sector is stepping up rather remarkably be honest with you, but not yet even at the level we need to be let's face it, a whole bunch of companies in the world have chosen to say I'm going to be net zero by 2050. And you and I, we know they don't have a clue how they're gonna get there. And most of them are not on track to get there. So this on the one hand, on the other hand world we're living in is where we came out of Glasgow and where we came out of Sharm el Sheikh, that we went from the possibility that we were heading to 3.5 degrees or more a warming of the planet, to 1.8 degrees out of Glasgow. And if you take all the things that were promised in Sharm el Sheikh and add them to Glasgow, you can get to 1.7 degrees. And I'm sure five DB roll or share that with you in one venue or another here and the next days. But we're not doing everything we promised nobody. And I think about what what the IEA said to us few months ago that in order to get the 1.5, and keep it, and by the way, we have not yet lost, there's still a possibility of achieving 1.5, we make the decisions that are available to us, if we treat this in the for the challenge that it really is almost like World War Two, when we knew that in order to win the war, and we didn't know it in the winter of 1943. But in order to win the war, we had to organize ourselves to take control the skies, and take control of the seas, and be able to smash the no the the battlements had been built along the coastline of France and Belgium and Netherlands and so forth. And we have to get through we both we did it. And if you read Paul Kennedy's book, professor at Yale, called the engineers of victory, you'll read how this group of mid level, folks were making big big decisions and implementing them and getting things done. They weren't caught up. And he was a bureaucracy. It didn't take them 10 years to get a sighting plan for a wind farm or for a solar. We can't do that. I was talking with the White House last night with Bruce Reed and others. You know, the State of the Union is coming up. And the President's got to, you know, and I think we'll because he believes this, we're going to move this. Because that's the only way we keep 1.5 degrees alive. So how do we get there? Well, the lesson I've learned in the last years, and I learned it as secretary, and I've learned it since reinforced in spades is money, money, money, money, money, money, money? I'm sorry to say that I mean, yes. Technology. Yes. Exciting new initiatives. Yes, organizing, winning races politically. mean, what happened in the midterms in the United States is nothing less than miraculous, it happened because young people voted. And the second most voted issue was climate. It's a huge deal. But we have to go further. I have said this before, I'll say it again, I'm convinced we will get to a low carbon, no carbon economy, we're gonna get there. Because we have to. I am not convinced we're gonna get there in time to do what the scientists said, which is avoid the worst consequences of the crisis. And those worst consequences are gonna affect millions of people all around the world, Africa and other places, of the 20 most affected countries in the world from climate crisis. 17 are in Africa. And if we're going to keep faith with the Global South, and we're going to be real, about dealing with justice in this transition, then we have to make sure we're bringing the global south along, even though that's adaptation, and that's resilience and talking about loss and damage and so forth. We have to do it. Because we have to build the political consensus that allows all of us to go forward. Now. I'm running over time, and I know that, but I want to just again, why wound up on this one, folks? Here's what we need. And we're doing it with with our deal that we cut with Indonesia, with what we did. I'm gonna shot those, what we did, Rania knows that the new Fe program we put together, it's gonna get rid of 15 gigawatts of the pollution. By deploying 10 gigawatts of renewables and five gigawatts of gas shut down Levin turbines will be shuttered, and gas will go to Europe to help it in context of Ukraine. Perfect set of symmetry, and it's going to happen because we were able to put together $500 million. A big concessionary loan from Germany, thank you Germany, important contributions from different entities. But we don't have time folks to be cobbling together bespoke deals here or there and every we have to do it in a massive basis. And the key to that one of the keys is philanthropy. It's not the only key. We need governments to put federal public money into it. But there is no way to win this battle without I quickly put the without with the no way to win the battle because somebody will edit it and say Kerry said there's no way to win the battle. But, but truthfully, folks, the secret to this is is this partnership gay? Putting together, the first I thought was a great wine. But seriously, it's the moment where we can pull ourselves together. And we have to do this day to day and bring the private sector to the table we have to unleash Mark Carney knows this as well as anybody, we have to unleash the trillions of dollars for bankable deals, how do you create the bankable deals, you have to leverage you have to bring people together to to take first loss to minimize the risk. The minute you do that, you can get a deal like we got with Indonesia, with Mexico with Vietnam. Final thing I'll say, I've said this many times, but I want you all to focus on it. 20 countries 20 economies, equal 80% Of all the emissions, you solve the problem to start with, by making sure all of those 20 countries are doing what they need to do. And that includes the United States, China, Russia, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Brazil, you know they are, we have to pull them to the table and leverage further. And I think that's doable. But time is, in fact running out on us. So I hope everyone will look at this initiative, we've had many different initiatives, you all put money in to help us with the global methane pub. And you put money in to help us close the deals, in many of these cases. So you're playing an absolutely critical role. But we've got to all figure out, how do we leverage further how do we augment this, in order to be able to win the battle. What's exciting is, and this is not false optimism. I saw technology the other day, that's, that's, that's going to create usable, no co2 gas, which uses existing co2, and heat and other things to be able to put together this new so of LNG. These are the things that are going to change the world batteries and that 70 new battery companies all of a sudden, that are spouted up because of the IRA in the United States. And the reaction of other countries shouldn't be oh my god, you shouldn't be doing that. That's putting us in an unfair position. Do it too. Everybody's got to do the same thing to accelerate this process even more. So God bless all here. Thank you for being part of this. Let's honestly show the world that we can get the job done. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Secretary Kerry as well as Borge for your comments. Vice President, although I don't know whether you want to take a seat in front, there is a chair. Yeah, fine, okay. And thank you, all of you for being here and being part of the Gaya community. Over the last more than 50 years, the World Economic Forum has been very much focused on fostering public private partnerships to improve the state of the world. And today is an important milestone because you've added the third P into that public private construct to see how we can scale catalyze and mobilize a lot more action around climate and nature. And only if we join forces, can we really move in time to deal with the challenges ahead? I have a very diverse panel here representing the public, private as well as the philanthropic sector. And I also want to save some time for comments from the floor. So if I could turn to Mark, first, right, you've been co chairing the Glasgow financial alliance for Net Zero defense for period now and also been a very strong force in promoting climate action, climate ambition, accountability amongst financial institutions. Can you tell us your thoughts around how Gaia could actually work with defense and the law of demand many other global initiatives to support climate in nature action? Sure. And I'll I'll try and be brief and pick up on what Secretary Kerry was saying. And let me pick out and actually let me salute the jet P initiatives with Indonesia, Vietnam, others, new FA as well, which has been so instrumental and getting done. I think I want to use them because it illustrates points where philanthropy can come in and leverage huge amounts of capital. That's this is the key point. So one of the things in the Indonesian jet P is there's a couple of 100 million dollars of philanthropic capital, which is going to be used to help with project preparation is drudgery. It's the specifics of the actual project. You know, this well, Minister, that has to be done. Yes, we could get the MDBs dealt with it, but it might take too long to the philanthropic capital is coming in helping with that. We need advice in various countries around enabling environments as well the technical assistance. This is measured in relatively small dollar terms, but it unlocks and to give the examples of friction After the Indonesian one, it's ultimately a $20 billion financing, which shifts the curve for Indonesia by 20, almost 20% of carbon over the course of this decade in Vietnam, it's even bigger, it's almost 30% over the course of this decade, so the point being small amount of money early on getting the projects ready. That's the first second element. And I'm sure we'll get into more detail on this others will, is around the whole world of carbon credits, biodiversity credits, different nature swaps, and the ability to help unlock we need layers of capital in again, to catalyze investments that need to happen to help stop the wanton destruction of our ecosystems. Remember, 11% of emissions last year were from deforestation itself, 11% of total emissions just cutting down, we need to slow stop, reverse that. And private capital has an important philanthropic capital has an important role to help build something that will bring much bigger layers of private capital. Last point, which is that we have a need in all of these situations. And I'm going to defer to the minister because she's been architect of of this in Egypt with new FA, we need to just transition. These changes bring widespread displacement of workers impacts on communities, we need retraining, we need on the ground assistance. There are now and again, a real role for philanthropic capital Mike core point is that these interventions, unlock 10s of billions of dollars. And I'd like to say that the private sector is going to move in and do them and maybe they should, but we can't wait. And that was a core point of John's and actually, in many respects, the expertise resides elsewhere, which is in the philanthropic community. Thank you, Mark. And maybe this is a good time to turn to minister Rania. You've just came off a hosting cop 27 in Sharm el Sheikh, and underlying a key theme out of Sharm el Sheikh was fulfilling pledges. Now. Could you tell us a little bit more about how philanthropy because I know there's a whole chapter dedicated to the role of philanthropy in the guidebook or just financing, tell us more about how philanthropy can support the fulfillment of pledges and commitments. Thank you very much. And it's great to be here and see everyone after we had a meeting is in Sharm el Sheikh and I want to thank the WEF, for bringing on philanthropy. I remember when we had our panel and Charlotte was mentioned. You know, the missing P. I said, No, it's a prominent P. And really philanthropy is a prominent PND equation, Mark explained that something else which is, is quite important, Secretary Kerry mentioned the global south and the point of just transition, we won't be able to move forward on our pathways of climate action and development, unless we have that prominent p with us MDBs. Everybody knows that the amount of money they provide is not enough. When it comes to helping with project preparation, etc. The 2% that was mentioned in the video, I think that if we take a closer look at philanthropic money that goes to agriculture, helping farmers, which is adaptation, which is climate, you will find that 2% A little bit bigger. And that is what we need to focus on. For mitigation, there are metrics that we can actually benchmark against for adaptation that does not exist. And therefore we need to work collectively to be able to also push philanthropic action and money into adaptation, resilience, to avoid things that happen in Pakistan to actually push forward on the investable projects. And this is what we tried to put together. And I want to thank all our partners when it came to Egypt country platform for the nexus of water, food and energy, Secretary Kerry Mark Carney and all the putting this together was was was a very important exercise to show that if we are able to define as country, what our priorities are, with respect to climate and development, we'll be able to mobilize financing, and you know, you know, put all this puzzle together so that whether it's mitigation or adaptation, we can move forward. Philanthropy is important. We as governments need to give a compelling and convincing argument. We need to be transparent with the project itself, what is needed, I believe philanthropy and MDBs need to work more closely together. And there's an ongoing debate on how MDBs need to be, you know, redefine their work and I think there's an element of philanthropy, contribution coming in there, both in terms of work on the ground, but also maybe in in In projects, which are defined as important for governments, given their work with different MDBs, there is a way to scale and increase magnitude. Let me conclude by our work on just financing very, very important during Sharma shift. With GE fans with the private sector of philanthropy, we put together the Sharpe machine guidebook for just financing. And as you mentioned, there's a chapter on philanthropy. We had Rockefeller with us and other philanthropists. And there we have a whole chapter on capital providers, what are the ticket sizes? What are the risks that are being taken? So we need during this year, as we're still presidents of copy didn't end in charm, it started in charm, to try and roll out the discussion around the different findings here. This was a collaborative effort. So two points, the just financing and also country platforms so that we are addressing both mitigation adaptation as fast as possible and the prominent P, we keep on pushing the message. Thank you. Thank you, Minister Rania, indeed, for Gaia is about growing the pie. So we encourage and mobilize more individuals institutions to come forward to champion climate and nature. It is also not about diverting funds away from social causes and other activities. But it's how we can integrate climate nature considerations when we are giving, and finally is around how we can be more effective in this giving to link this mighty pea, with public private action so that we can move at speed and scale. I want to now turn to Desmond, who is the CEO of Temasek trust, and you've just launched the philanthropic Asia alliance to look at mobilizing more philanthropic action in Asia, right is obviously a very important region because there's growing wealth in Asia, and also that this is also a region where there is a lot of scope for climate action. Can you tell us a little bit more about your plans forward? How do you intend to one mobilize more institutions to step forward and also to deploy working through the Gaia platform? Well, first of all, thank you very much can wave for inviting me to be part of this very distinguished panel. But you're correct to point out that that there is massive challenge and also massive opportunity in Asia. I think if you look at the size and magnitude of what we're talking about, we know that Asia is home to 60% of the world's population, that accounts for 42% of global wealth. At the same time, of course, it's also responsible and accounts for more than half of global emissions. And I think if you look at the global climate risk index, the estimate is that almost two thirds of the most climate vulnerable countries lie in South Asia and Southeast Asia. So it's a it's it's, it's a severe concern for everybody in Asia. In fact, the Swiss Re Institute I saw one of the scenarios which which postulated that if we were to look at the collective Asia GDP, the assessment is that this would shrink by 25% over the next 25 years, if nothing is done, about climate change. So these are huge, complex challenges for us to solve. We know that no one can do this alone. We also know certainly not to this kind of scalable impact that is much needed if we're all to combat. Climate change is what Secretary John Kerry said in a in a race against time. So what we're looking to do at tamasic trust, is we believe that collaborative philanthropy is crucial to bring together public, private, and the philanthropic sectors to address the more systemic structural, environmental and social challenges, which is why we set up what we've called the philanthropy Asia Alliance last September. This is intended to pull together collective resources and expertise with the view to catalyzing comprehensive solutions to prime Asia as a force for good. It's an action oriented Alliance. And we're now actively reaching out to like minded partners from across the world, not just in Asia, to try and come together as a coalition for that kind of change that we would like to see in Asia, like minded partners who also see the need, also the impact and the opportunity of Asia, on planet, people, to also help to foster the kind of regional peace and progress that we'd like to see. And we hope to bring as many of these partners together in in the PA philanthropy Asia Alliance, which looks at a few levels of partnership, at one level partnership, it's in donors coming together to pool their financial resources, both for philanthropy as well for impact investing. And in the kind of innovative financing that we're seeing today, around blended structures, as well as in outcome based financing, or Pay for Success kind of model. We're also looking for partners who would be willing to come together with us to manage programs on the ground in Asia. And certainly, we're looking to see how research knowledge expertise can come together, in in this alliance, to help us to enable the kind of capabilities and change that we'd like to see. Any kind of partnership in any form of alliances is what we're looking to try and forge through the philanthropy Asia Alliance at Temasek trust is looking to put together I welcome all of you to join us this September, when we formally launch the Paa at our annual summit in Singapore, and, you know, join us at any level of that kind of partnership. But importantly, I would like to thank the W E. F for being a strategic partner to the philanthropy Asia Alliance, this is important in terms of scaling impact. We think that Gaia is exactly the kind of global platform that allows us in fact, it fits with our resolve and our purpose and allows us to actually drive the kinds of semantics that we're keen to push forward through the PA. Those semantics are no surprise, it's in the area of nature and climate as one broad, thematic, it's in the area of holistic and inclusive education as another area. And it's in global and public health in a third area. And we already, as I was saying, this is action oriented. So we've already started calls to action to drive forward in each one of these areas. So we look forward to having as many people partner us as possible. Thank you very much for listening. Thank you, Desmond. And I know that you have been quite successful, because even at the initial launch of this idea, there has been four or five partners coming from Hong Kong, Indonesia, joining forces, to see how we can better mobilize action, not enough, unfortunately. But we hope to get a lot more better if I could turn to you now, because you run a business. But you've also been thinking about philanthropy for a period now, right? strategic philanthropy in the Gulf region. And you've in fact, you've set up a few centers that's focused on studying the space. I know you've also recently been appointed as the cop 28 champion for corporate as well as the philanthropic sectors. Can you tell us how Gaia can help to scale efforts in the Gulf region and beyond? And also your plans? Give us a bit of a preview on what we can expect at COP? 28? Sure, thank you. So just a quick disclaimer, unlike many people in this room, I'm not an expert on philanthropy nor climate change. I'm a good student of both. But I am a staunch believer in the catalytic potential for philanthropy to really move global systems to address all challenges really facing humanity and our habitat. And of course, climate philanthropy is no different. Now, I've often referred to philanthropy in general as being the Forgotten child of the capitalist system. I think we're slowly being reacquainted with a child, but that child has all grown up. And so we've got to stop treating it like a child. And I get frustrated when I hear that philanthropy on the whole, you know, it's, it's nice, it's good, it feels good. But it's not going to move the needle because it's relatively small. First of all, on the quantum, it's not small, as we know, it's well north of a trillion dollars a year could well be double that or more, if you consider all all of an entropy, we're not counting or we're not measuring, which again, to put it into context is five times global Oda. So it's not small. But leaving the quantum aside, the quality is really where as Mark was referring to, is really where it matters. And its nature of obviously being more nimble, more patient more risk tolerant, and more equitable, as strategic philanthropy is where it's going to drive that multiplier effect in partnership with business and government. So in many respects, I think climate philanthropy can be that glue that binds together business, government, civil society, towards better outcomes in furtherance of our climate and nature goals. Now, just something to mention on the emerging markets because it was mentioned, of course, including by Secretary Kerry, as we know, emerging markets today the climate philanthropy within emerging markets is relatively low, for various reasons, probably a fair bit less than the 2% global average. But we do know of course that these markets are going to bear the brunt of the climate crisis. And so in many respects, the climate challenge will be won or lost within these markets. But I am optimistic that we're seeing great change in these markets. And I think we're at this inflection point now for a number of reasons. First of all, I think much greater institutionalization of philanthropy across emerging markets, that's a very positive trend that is happening. Secondly, I think this generational transfer of wealth huge that's taking place not just globally, but within Asia alone, we expect $5 trillion or more to be transferred from one generation to the next. And this is to a generation that's far more attune to both the risks and the opportunities associated with climate action. And third, I think is general awareness globally, but also in these markets of the interconnectedness of the climate challenge, really addressing challenges within all our systems health, food security, national security, of course, you know, social justice, and so on, and so forth. So we are at that inflection point, just a quick note on cop 28. Of course, a cop 28 presidency is well aware of how challenging this is. But it is up to meeting that challenge by really creating these systems of collaboration, this global architecture for all these players to come together, and to pool capital, but also ideas and energies to generate and create that multiplier effect. And one of the things that cop 28 presidency would like to do is, of course, collaborate very closely with Gaia, to build this community, not just within philanthropy, but also linking philanthropic players with other systems of capital, including, I think, very importantly, venture capital, to help to promote better venture philanthropy to help to drive technology at the r&d level, to help to scale up action. So I think it's an exciting time again, commend WEF for all the great work that it's doing, and just deliver that message that cop 28 wants to collaborate and cooperate with everyone to co create these, these solutions to address these these challenges, nature and climate. Thank you better. We have 10 minutes, and I'd like to open the floor for any comments from the audience. Yes, the gentleman. Yep, we've got your hand, please introduce yourself and then. So we know. So my question is regarding so we are talking about among solutions for countries like Pakistan, which is the same land because it's already, so what quick solution we can take so that we don't pay these kinds of situations in next year. So you have in common in terms of short term solutions for developing countries. Nearly reactions from the panel solutions to prevent situations, because while you're talking flood past five months ago, they're still what are what they are, people are still living in Ghana, because they live in shelters. So we need to be prepared for another flood in coming years. So we need to come up with solutions, we need to have all these asset management solutions so that we are better prepared. So I just wanted to make solution for this. So I can just say that during cop 27, one of the breakthroughs was the loss and damage trust. And, you know, we need to expedite the financing that goes into loss and damage, because this is one example where certain areas in Pakistan are lost, and therefore there needs to be an expedited push push forward. But again, there were so many pledges made a while back, if countries had done adaptation projects to protect from these climate disasters, we wouldn't be in that situation. So I think we just need to push further and further the message and try and be more more fast with with all these initiatives in terms of implementation. Or to say very quick, I mean, the question proves the point that the resources are wholly inadequate, the speed of deployment is wholly inadequate. And I would say as well, that the scale of understanding of the granularity of understanding of future disasters is still inadequate. In other words, we have we are more and more precise and sophisticated, if you will, on mitigation and the pathways on carbon and the mapping to outcomes. But actually, from a from a risk map from the scale and the the likely location of, of these disasters. We're still at early stages. Now part of what's been put together is through through the GRI and others, using the global insurance industry is to get much better about that has to be in parallel, met with resources from public multilateral and philanthropic sectors so that the deployment is there, alongside And so part of the reason for the initial silence is there is not the resources there. And you know, as I say the question proves it. And this is part of where we need to map private expertise and and scaled up philanthropic dollars. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My name is Dion binder from France. I'm here as part of the younger leaders delegation. I'm the founder and CEO of red Annapolis, which is an initiative that seeks to support entrepreneurs at the nexus of nature, climate, and urban resilience. So my question is, how can big philanthropy help us deploy impact at scale, because we we all share the urgency to act. We don't want to hear yet other commitments of big money being deployed on climate action and nature preservation, but most of the efforts are actually is actually borne by entrepreneurs. So we actually it was weird to Nepalese creating an alliance of implementers so that we can have bigger money from philanthropists to help us deploy at scale. But I My question is like, how can you help us? How can you help intrapreneurs have an impact? Thank you. So one of the things, if I can just share, one of the things that we've done through our foundation is actually to give a price, a livability challenge prize for any kind of idea that helps us with mitigating climate change and improving our resilience. So as an example, we've we've given a million dollars, a couple of years ago to a team from Los Angeles, actually, that came with a really interesting idea of how to do carbon sequestration, and to turn this CAPTCHA into actual construction material that can be used. And, you know, with with the million dollar prize, that's only one one part of the spectrum, there are a whole lot of other respondents who came in to that livability problem statement and challenge. And those ideas, not just this particular winning idea was those ideas were picked up by venture capitalists who are interested in scaling this. And so this speaks to this point about having to bring or wanting to bring private capital into all of this space. Because if you can bring in the private sector, venture capitalists to come and see it into all of these areas, there will be a lot more energy and momentum, spawning all kinds of new ideas and innovations in the space of acting against climate change. And Mark, just very quickly, hugely important, but also proven approaches at scale, which I think is part of your and I would suggest one immediate thing is to connect you with the C 40. Initiative, the large cities initiative, there's important philanthropic capital behind it, I will offend people if I don't name all of them. So I won't start on the on the list. But this and this is part of the point which I think Gaya can help with, which is to pool and amplify, like minded initiatives, in order to have the impact that you're looking for. Just to say that this is an opportunity that the cop 28 presidency wants to and will capture, because then as I mentioned, linking VCs, in fact, in the last few weeks, I've been chatting to and have soft commitments from 16 Venture Capital bodies or communities around the world, including in India and Sub Saharan Africa, and indeed, from Asia, to commit to deploying a certain percentage of their venture capital funding towards through investment capital, solutions, and entrepreneurs who are really leading the charge in developing solutions to climate and nature challenges, but also to put a certain percentage aside and venture philanthropy to really see not just entrepreneurs, but also scientists to go and find them in the labs, that the work that they're doing within the labs and help to scale those up. So again, we'd love to chat to you if you have ideas on how to scale this. Thank you. We are running out of time. I'm sorry about that. But I'd like to invite Neely Gilbert, who is a young global leader. She's also the chair of our investor of the Investment Committee for the Rockefeller Fund, to give us your closing remarks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all for being here. And for the launch of this important initiative. When we first came together at Davos in May, and we started to talk about the vision for Gaia. One of the things that I shared was David Rockefellers vision for strategic philanthropy which he bequeathed to the David Rockefeller Fund when he formed it two things, philanthropy, philanthropic capital should take risks. This is essential risk capital for seeding the vision for the future of the world that we want to need this Second thing is that we have a moral responsibility to use philanthropic capital to find leverage in driving changes in outcomes for the way forward. And Gaia reminds us of both of those critical principles. As we begin the annual meeting with the theme of collaboration in a fragmented world, the concept of how different forms of capital can come together to drive greater outcomes, whether it's public or private, philanthropic capital, is so important as a vision for how we can move forward on our critical goals in a time of challenge. So as we continue to expand on this concept, think about specific opportunities for how Gaya can move forward in driving, strategic systemic change that we need, as we've heard from many panelists, making a difference on climate touches all of our interconnected global goals. Please, I ask each of you to think about how yourselves as leaders, the organizations which you can touch, and others with whom you can speak and bring to the table as part of this critical work can join us in making a difference on climate and the future of society. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you 

Good morning, everyone. I'm Matthew Kaminski. I'm the editor in chief of Politico. And good to have you this morning to discuss the defense of Europe. On a small personal note, I started off 30 years ago as a journalist in Vilnius. Looking at the Baltics, spent next three years in Ukraine, they went to the Balkans at the time, it seemed like we were settling a lot. There were some certainties that were put in place, and much has changed. But there is so much uncertain right now. Europe is in the midst. It's entering its second year of the biggest ground war. Since World War Two. The Balkans seem like everything is not right there. A lot of question marks over the future of the Western alliance. We have a terrific panel this morning. To try and talk through these these these challenges. With Poland with the leaders of Poland and Lithuania are two countries that have led the way in the West's response to Ukraine. We are the leader of the Belarusian opposition, and Belarus has played a very central role here and as a very central piece, in this insert of deciding what kind of Europe what kind of Europe, where we have on the eastern flank. Portugal's one of the founding members of the North Atlantic Alliance, and the leader of North Macedonia, which is in a region which had caused a lot of trouble in the 90s. And I guess we're also is now part of the thinking about what kind of Europe we have going forward. Now. I want to start maybe, since it is morning, maybe with a couple of quick round questions for this group to get us going. And in a sentence or two, I want to ask each of you in these grim times, what is the one thing that makes you hopeful we can start with President Duda. Makes us hopeful hopeful the one thing that gives you hope this year when thinking about the future of Europe, the defensive Euro absurd will never exist for a long time. In my opinion, so this is this situation is This is absurd? Yes. This is hard to it was hard to imagine that 70 years after the second world war years, we will have war in Central Europe. In full scale. This is something ridiculous. And that was very was very, it was very hard to believe when we received before the Warriors all this this secret information. tallying that that? They that we would expect a full scale Russian invasion against Ukraine? Yes. And Ukraine will probably survive no more than 72 hours. Yes. And, you know, it's that was something that I was. I remember I was counting those 1000s of Russian military units. Yes. And soldiers. Is it possible? Yes. If you if you if you take into account the the general number of Russian military forces Yes. And and and you have the the information that put in gathers some part of his military forces around Ukraine Yes. One 160,100 70,000 Is it enough to invade whole? Ukraine? Yes. If you if you take into account and this is a country two times bigger than Poland, Poland is 312,000 square kilometers. Yes, Ukraine is two times bigger. Yes, it's more than 600,000. Is it possible that they will occupy Kaminsky set a sentence or two please? So what's what's that's hopefully, it's very clean. It's not. I don't want to I don't want to I'm sorry. It's too early morning. I don't want I don't want to speak about it about hope. Yes. I'm very happy that Ukrainians are so brave. And a day before the invasion few hours before the invasion when we visited we both visited Kyiv. With, with with with President gitanas. Now said I, as we talked with Volodymyr Zelensky, he said to me, Andre, we are really ready. He said to me, we are really ready and end to end and, and, and and we will never survive. We will never, we will never. We're never surrender. President I've said what I would like to stress few moments. First off, again, a couple sentences. I try my best. First of all, they're successful for Ukrainian military forces in the battlefields. I remember our first meeting after the war broke out on February 25, in European Council, and there was direct connection with Volodymyr Zelensky. And you know, that mood was that maybe it will continue one or two weeks but not longer. And now be already approach, one year anniversary terrible anniversary, but one year anniversary of this war. The second issue is despite our some disagreements, the stay united a, I'm talking about European Union, and also other like minded countries. And you see the past already in mind packages of sanctions, sometimes they have certain exemptions that take trying to take into account the specificities of some countries. But even having quite a difficult situation, we are able to stay united and this unity is productive, they have two kinds of unity unity, which is just had cannot produce anything and unity, which is still productive, it leads us to the decisions. So those two moments, I think they are very important. And if they will be able to increase the support to Ukraine, first of all, military military sense of this word, I think the victory will be there. And this is not so long way to go. Super Penderecki. Two sentences, yes. You know, the situation is completely desperate. Speaking about European continent, we have multiplying crisis, simply reinforcing each other. There is no too much room for hope. But I will take the solidarity being shown on the unprecedented levels among the European partners, and transatlantic bond with which has been never stronger in decades. I will take the hope from last year as the point of departure for hope for this year. Thank you. Again, as for me, I think that unity of democratic countries and decisiveness of countries gives me hope. And I know that, for example, since they have already ripe for democratic changes in our country, and they will stand for this changes till the end. And I'm grateful that there are such leadership, as Polish leadership and leadership that show example for other countries how to deal when the enemy is knocking to your doors. So I'm really grateful for opportunity for Belarusians to participate in this new security check architecture of our region. And I hope that not on the politicians, but ordinary people realize that a lot depends on them. And they open the doors and they hearts for all those who are looking for defense who are looking for support. Perfect, Mr. Boehner, you come from the other side of the continent, peaceful side, but I'm going to say more or less the same ideas that the from the east. So coming from the south, the hope comes from this sense of unity and this unity of purpose, unity around our values, our European values that are blue realism, diversity, rule of law, reject of the war as a man as a way of settling disputes. And we are all looking towards the future. Our future is European integration and these European values and we are rejecting those that look toward the past a very dark past in Europe, the spheres of influence is walls, fences. So this is the real you know, I was going to ask as a follow up quick round question. What worries you the most. But I think we got from all of you kind of a sort of hint of the worries, you did all speak about the unity of the Alliance and the unified response. And not to put it to negative light on this. But I wonder, again, very quickly, where's the weak link? What Where do you think that how can this be undermined? Where what are you most worried about in terms of that unity? Staying in in place? Starting? Yes, I, I'm not afraid that this unity will be broken. I think that both in the Ukrainian crisis, and before in the COVID crisis, we have realized that the bed method is doing things together. And if we compare this and how we tackle the crisis in 2008, the financial crisis that took 10 years to get out, we have all realize that being united being together, we get better to the crisis, we get out of the crisis faster, and in better shape, leaving less people behind. So the only thing that worries me those within is that outside, there is someone that thinks in an old fashion, that war and violence is a way to impose your ideas, and to settle political disputes. Maybe another way to put it to you like how would this what is your worst case scenario for this year? I? I sort of what let me ask you what your neighbor? Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, what really, I mean, again, I think all of you give a sense of, you know, there is resilience among the allies. But what worries you the most. So of course, I'm going to describe your ideal scenario. At the moment, I'm sure that Ukrainians with the assistance and help of democratic countries will win this war. And there will be changes, hopefully, in Russian administration. And so as we know that the connect the fate of Ukraine and Belarus are intertwined, so I'm sure that the victory of Ukraine will be a new window of opportunities for some people to apprise again, and to get rid of this dictatorship. So Belarus and Ukraine will be free. And we will become a part of European family of countries and we have in Belarus, we'll build democracy in Ukraine, they will restore the status again with the help of the world. And everybody will be happy. unusually bright view from from from that are part of the reality. And I understand that they can be different scenarios, but we help have to be prepared for everything. No, I have no concerns that the newly found unity and solidarity, not only Pan European, but transatlantic will not hold this year, it will hold but to be realistic, and to be honest with everybody in the public with you. I'm a bit concerned whether that will hold one the war in Ukraine is over. Of course, everybody would like that war to stop today. But, you know, the logic of the states, those are called the national interests of the states has always been for centuries and centuries, to take a look of your backyard. If we are going again towards giving priority to the national interests of the states, then these newly found unity and solidarity will be on why it is necessary, after the war, when you have in Ukraine is over why it is really necessary, critical even to hold this unity and solidarity transatlantic bond, because you're we're seeing throughout the world, in some of the biggest countries in the world, that the authoritarian tendencies are on the rise. If democracies are not getting together, sticking together, respecting the same values and fighting for them, sometimes literally fighting for them, then the autocracy will prevail. We have said last year when this war in Ukraine started well before that in the lose that this is, in essence, the dilemma and battle between democracies and autocracies and outright dictatorship in the part of on the part of the Russian Federation today. So we have to be in the full unity and full solidarity after the war in Ukraine is over, that is necessary for the better world. President I said that this book is very sort of at a higher level. I wonder when you're thinking about the things that sort of concern you Is there anything more immediate or or sort of specific that that maybe comes to your mind? I will start first of all from saying that I am strong believer that Ukraine We'll have this victory and it will be very good on victory for Ukraine itself. But for all of us, too, but worries me. You know, Putin realized that he was absolutely wrong by calculating the sum assumptions of this war, but he's desperate to. And it means that he is able to concentrate all the efforts and resources of big country, a Russian Federation, ignoring economic and social needs of the society. This is the specific feature of the totalitarian regimes that they can ignore the needs of the people and to bring anything on the altar of the war. And this is one issue. The second issue is that, yes, I have some concern that lesson societies can be derived from this war, because we have already some, some some features or some signs have tried to lessen societies, first of all, because of high inflation, inflation of energy resources. And the are not so used to the inflation rate like 10% 15%, on or in some countries 20%. And it means that having the democratic rules of game in our country's politicians will be just will spend more attention to these issues, too. But I think there is one possible outcome from this puzzle or solution of this puzzle, we have to stay united. And we have to take all the decisions which are oriented towards reduction of dependence on Russian energy resources. My country's very good example. We started very early because we never had any illusions regarding Russian regime. So this gets me started to prepare ourselves about 2025 years ago. And now the the beer, the fruits of this actions. And these efforts, we were able to cut off all the ties with Russian energy resources, one year ago. And I think this is very important to do at the European Union level. We started we started why successfully, but we have to continue because some countries are still dependent, they are exposed to the Russian blackmailing, especially energy grab blackmailing. And this is very important to break, break up this this dependence, chance for a one word answer even and then I want to come back to you with a more specific question that will require more, what is the weak link in the West response to Ukraine? There has been one message from Ukraine since the beginning of the war. This is what Volodymyr Zelensky told us at the beginning, on the phone, you know, that I, at the beginning of the war, I talked with him practically every day, even few times a day on the phone. And he he and he and there is one and there has been one message, weapons, weapons, and once again, weapons, we need weapons, we need military support. And this is the this is the this is the most important element of of this, of this game. Yes. If we sand if we still, if we still send a lot of military equipment for for the defenders of Ukraine, cutting edge military equipment, they they they they they still have this, this this potential to stop Russians. So I think you've answered the question but the weak link, but indirectly and let me maybe it's actually was leading to my follow up, which is tomorrow. Chancellor Schultz is speaking here. Germany, you know, the UK has just been the first country to send tanks to Ukraine. The US is talking about sending the Abrams tanks. What do you expect or hope out of this week? Will Germany send the leopard tanks? What might happen at this Ramstein meeting of Defence Ministers later this week in terms of arming have we turned the corner in terms of giving the Ukrainians more offensive weapons or or not? together five days ago I announced our decision as about about earlier about tanks. Yes. One company of Leo up our tanks, it's about 14 tanks. We really decided to send it to Ukraine, but we hope and and we are trying to organize a bigger support for Ukraine. So we hope that there is a few partners few allies who will who will who will give tanks to Ukraine lay up our tanks, Challenger tanks from from Great Britain. Yes. And and so, so, we go that producer of that bank statement will also will also participate in in this in my opinion very, very, very good idea. I was asked by Vodafone scheme for that for that military support few times he said to me, Andrew, we need we need modern tanks. Because because it's it's it's it's the only way we need to stop the Russian invasion. Now. They we sent to Ukraine. Our crop harvesters, yes. Very modern and very efficient. We sent to Ukraine more than 260 our tanks but but old one. But all tanks. We had those tanks. From from from from USSR. Yes. And and but but that is but that moment it was half a half a year ago. Yeah. It was in March, as I remember. They needed those tanks in that moment. That was that was immediate need. And and and and and so we decided to send this, this this. You know, it was it was it was more it was more that we afford was more than that, then we afford? We we hadn't those tanks in our reserves that was done that those tanks or we we we we took those tanks out of our military units as regular military units. But but but but but but we understood that that this is that this is this is the this is this as you know, issue of the of the of of this really that this is that is that this decision? That was that was the very difficult moment because Russian military forces you remember they were around practically around cave. So that was that was very difficult. Time for for for defenders of Ukraine. We decided to censor that that was an practically that was the beginning of the of the big military support for, for for for for Ukraine. And and so so we hope that this time that this decision that we announced that we are we are sending our our earlier parts to Ukraine will start a new chapter in this in this military in this military assets to talking to the US about sending your mix to Ukraine and getting sort of the FA teens or 30 fives in return or is that sort of a dead issue for now? And it's very complicated. Okay. So please, we should switch off the cameras. Speaking Mr. Bueno. I've got a, you know, from from a Native perspective and country further away. How much more do you think the Alliance should be providing in terms of military hardware to Ukraine? I think that the the unity of all Europeans have of Europeans with our natural transatlantic allies. So the United States is out of question, but it must be very clear. And this is also an important part of what is going to be at the stake this this year that this is bloodiness Putin's war. Neither NATO nor European Union no any European country has won in this war, or is at war against Russia. Because sometimes in Europe, and in this panel, we'll know where we are talking about that. Last week, I traveled to Western Sub Saharan Africa the week before I was in Latin America, things don't seem that clear. Sometimes it seems like this is Russia, against the Western world, we must keep remembering NATO is not a part of this war. President Solinsky and Ukraine didn't want this war and didn't do anything to deserve this war. This is Russia's war. So, so far, the political support comes from all allies, but the weapons comes from European Union, and from European Union countries. And I think it is very important to make these things clear, because otherwise, we can lose a lot of partners around the world. That's a very good point. And President now said, I kind of curious to you. You know, that's that sort of speaks to some divisions within the Alliance about how far to go, obviously, I wonder how you've managed those divisions, since you're obviously in the more the avant garde in terms of trying to push the lines forward. You know, we are not a big country, of course, but we started to support Ukraine militarily, and we feel the example how decisive it can be. And we started to deliver stingers to Ukraine, even two weeks before the war started. And this was our strong commitment and absolute unity in our society, I have to stress this factor too. Because in Lithuania, 99.9% of the population, strongly support Ukraine, and this in such an environment, it's very easy to take the decisions, tough decisions. But sometimes, yes, we I have the impression that somebody has to take the first move, like with in the story with the tanks, I like to play chess. So in chess, you have to check the move, and then others will follow. So somebody has to take this leadership to take the decision in order to support Ukraine, because the tanks become very strategic factor of this war, especially now, having in mind this positional war in the eastern part of the country. So when we're the answer, do you think Chancellor Schultz will greenlight the paper, I strongly believe that counselor false will decide on this. And I was a witness of a very important break point or turning point in the thinking or mentality of Germany. By the way, one more witness was prime minister of Poland, Mr. Morawiecki, and we visited Berlin, and at that time, Germans decided that instead of providing humanitarian aid, they decided to deliver rapids. It was first that important qualitative moment in the decision making of Germany. And now that we are in the situation there, there is more commitment needed stronger commitment needed to deliver armored vehicle vehicles, tanks to Ukraine and hope very much that our strong ally will do this. Let me just change tack if you don't mind. I want to ask President to kind of stay if the elections were confirmed as I guess a lot of us love people in the West hope. What is your reading of of where Lukashenko is right now? And do you expect that he would or Putin would open that Northern Front from from Belarus so first of all, when you are asking our panelists about weapon I feel a bit as Ellen here because we are experts and people who under repressions for two and half years already, we can't give high marks or craps to Ukrainian people. But the most of the population of Belarus are for Ukraine. We don't want to become enemies because of awful decisions of illegitimate Lukashenka. We are supporting Ukrainians as we can with information. When the walker started our railway partisans disrupted railways to slow down equipment, Russian equipment go into Ukraine via our volunteers spread information inside Belarus, what's going on, in reality, but now we are in such a position where And Bill's unexpectedly four people became quite aggressive in this one. Because we've got Shang chi is maybe the only ally to Putin, he has to be loyal he provided our country as a launchpad for missiles for training of Russian soldiers. And I have to say that Belarusian army is not loyal to Lukashenka. They don't want to die or to be killed on the cranial battlefields for the ambitions of tourism purpose. They don't want our nation's Ukrainian persons to become enemies. And Lukashenka knows this. And that's why he's so insecure about sending bills and troops to Ukraine, because our soldiers even if they are sent, they could change the size, they could defect they could hide or whatever. But you know, Luca is welcoming all the Russian troops or the Russian equipment and for sure, Barrows can be again and again used as aircraft Korea. For Russians, the presence of Russian troops, the number is about 12,000 people at the moment is for threatening Belarusian people, to control Belarusian people and to distract the attention of Ukrainian troops from hotspots in the east to Northern side. I know that Ukrainians are prepared for possible land attacks from the side of bureaus, but our task is to prevent such invasion. We are working very thoroughly with the our the Russian army explaining what's going on because they must make they might be misinformed about this. So this internal internal explanation is very important in this issue. So we want the world to divide Lukashenka regime and builders and people and to preceptors differently. So one last question I want to pose and then I'm going to open up to the floor. So please think about maybe things you you would want to ask. Present Penderecki we haven't talked about the Balkans that much but there is some sort of Easter notice in this, you know, lower down on the table. Two days from now about the world. Tell me quickly how much How worried should we be about what is going on in Mitra visa? What's coming out of Banja Luka? I mean, you're one of the newest members of NATO. And this obviously was a major preoccupation for the Lions in the 90s, early 2000s. short overview, we have two fragile points or hotspots, if you like from times to times in the Western Balkan region, this is a Republic of Srpska within Bosnia and Herzegovina and north of the Republic of Kosovo. What Putin's regime is doing is four years back, not only since the war Ukraine started, but four years back, he is trying to provoke the people there in order to disrupt the integrity of these two countries. But realistically speaking, in the past year or so, Russian propaganda, fake news, political propaganda, hybrid threats, that kind of attacks, has not intensified, because Putin's regime is fully preoccupied to counter the Western Allies, because of the war in Ukraine. But local actors, some of them who are not quite happy with the so called Peace Agreements, being reached in the 90s are doing that part of the job. And they are from time to time provoking, broken with inflammatory rhetoric, then some disturbances in these two countries. My guessing he is and my judgment is that if Russia will try to deflect somehow the attention of the West, again, from Ukraine, which is the main theme to war and propaganda, of course, that the Balkan or the Western Balkan region is more prone to that than Baltics. So we should take care about that as an alliance as a NATO Alliance. And then, as a member states of the European Union are candidates for membership in the European Union? Because it seems to me that the so called soft spots in the whole Pan European security architecture, right now, apart from Ukraine, of course, and that danger coming from Kremlin. This direction is Western Balkan, who's the key player here? EU, NATO or the US, United States with due respect to everybody else? And I've heard the Minister of Spain speaking about the European Portugal saying sorry, it was it was Portugal. We shared a very opinions when I love my, my Portuguese colleague, but then still the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Speaking about Europe, only the European countries, it was very shortly just to train a bit more yet said that you're only European countries are giving weapons to Ukraine. The most of the pens with respect to everybody of us my country North Macedonia is among the top five contributors in the military hardware to Ukraine but the United States of America is leading the field. Any questions from the from the audience? And please post it as a question and do introduce yourself. I am part of the Global Shapers community, the web's youth delegation. You've all expressed your confidence in Ukraine winning the war. But my question to you is what needs to happen for Ukraine to win? Can Ukraine win with Putin in office? Or does there needs to be a change if the Russian leadership and how ready? You are? Sorry? No, no, no, we don't. We don't mention that Ukraine will win this war. We mentioned that Ukraine will not lose this war. Ukraine will win this war. Okay, the second question. Then the question is for peace to come back to Europe, then. Does there need to be a leadership change in Russia? And how far are you ready to go to push for that? Thank you. That's a really good question. I wonder who who wants to dress regime change in Moscow to make Europe this a place for us this this will go in parallel. They're more successful Ukraine is in the battlefields. Their higher the probability that something will happen incrementally, because sooner or later, it will lead to the mistrust in the closest ally among the closest allies of Vladimir Putin. And yes, I cannot ignore or I cannot neglect this possibility that something might happen in Kremlin. And it would mean the end of the war to I have no illusions that it will be a democratic government, replacing the demon Putin. Probably the will be a long transitional period ahead. And nobody knows what will be the outcome. But probably it would lead to the resolution of this crisis in Ukraine. But the second scenario of very important and evident victories in the battlefields is possible to so they both scenarios, I think, likely and probably now, it would be not serious to try to forecast because those forecasts would be not very credible. To try to forecast which scenario we will go with question back there, and then we'll go over here. My name is Bob Kraft. I'm the editor in chief of sudachi. Title in Germany. President Duda you mentioned you were talking about the delivery of tanks labor to Ukraine, as you we follow in Germany, the very skeptical, rejected attitude of Chancellor all of Shultz up to now. And he's hesitating. Why do you think that he will change his attitude and allow or endorse the delivery of Elio for two tanks now? Two reasons, sir. One reason Germany is a part of the of the NATO alliance and and if there is a situation that few allies are ready to give their tanks to Ukraine, it's it's important moment. And the second is that, as I see the pressure of political German political stage and and German public opinion is it is becoming stronger and stronger and stronger. So I, I hope that the result of all that and LM man's the older elements will result in this very, very, very, very needed decision. Hmm, TV and Brussels since you already answered my question goes to President Noseda. Just the other way around. Do you have any understanding why Germany when Chancellor Schultz is so reluctant to be more decisive? You made such a strong case, why tanks should be delivered? Do you understand why Germany is hesitant? And the other question gets goes to this Spanish foreign minister. Spain was among the first countries to propose to send low powered tanks to Ukraine. Back in summer, if they're was a decision right now to send them were Spain also sending thanks. Thank you. I will try to answer very shrewdly. Yes, we have 27 members of European Union, but the attitude of the society to what is happening in Ukraine is is quite different. I could name again the example of my country, I could not, I cannot even imagine that, for example, some demonstrations against the support to Ukraine could take place in my country, probably they will not collect 200 people in my country. But I understand also that situation in some other countries is different. And President Duda mentioned that the attitude of German society society is changing, but still be cannot ignore the reality that still the attitude or the mood of German society is absolutely different comparing with the Lithuania. So this is the reason why politicians have to take into account this situation. And sometimes Citic explains that some decisions in some very important countries of European Union and NATO come later than we all expect. And they would Vish. So this is a reason why why we see some delay in the decision making. And they have to tell you, honestly, it's a pity because every day of this war costs a lot. Not to us, not so much to us. For us, it's it's just means that probably energy resources are more expensive, but it's it's been comparing them with the suffering of Ukraine and nations. So every day brings more casualties, more destroyed, houses, infrastructure. And so what someone, so we have not, we don't have the luxury to do for such delays, and decision making must be decisive fast. And it would lead to the faster victory in this world. There is a very important meeting of ministers of defense in a few days where important decisions will be made. And we like to do things together and united because we think that that's the best tool to bring peace to Ukraine. That possibility is not on the table as we're speaking today. But the way Spain is behaving in this Ukrainian war is a detailed state, we do what we think is the best to help Ukrainians to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity and to bring peace the fastest as possible to the country. To our country's spent almost 45 years behind the Iron Curtain. So we know Russians very well. And there is one, there is one answer in Poland in Lithuania in in Ukraine rule scheme here. No, thank you. I'm coming from from Washington. Let me ask you a very parochial Washington kind of question to this group of European leaders. How concerned are you about some of the noises coming out of the surprisingly, I guess if you look at the history of American foreign policy of of the Republican Party, which is calling a doubt support for Ukraine, kind of here's how closely are you even following that. Name is probably Ukraine, but actually support for the allies, the previous presidents at NATO, you know, we are really far away from Washington, DC, but geographically speaking, but politically, we are following that closely. I am not seeing very strong signals that within the Republican Party, these voices are so pretty well, and so to say, then, it seems to me that the bipartisan support within the Washington DC towards the war in Ukraine is unprecedented. If you're living there, you're coming from United States. Then tell me any other issue which the Americans or political parties to the mean, of them are so unified around. There is no any other single issue. So on the issue of Ukrainian war in Ukraine or Russian invasion Ukraine, they are I think 90% unified and is going to hold. So yeah, this is a matter of concern. Of course. We are also closely watching what is happening there, but I think we have to decide to just by looking at what the United States government is doing, the United States government is doing a lot. And I expect that there will be bold decisions taken in NATO Summit which will take place in Vilnius this time in July. And we have very high expectations that it will be not only the summit dedicated to the our own security, but also the summit dedicated to the security of Ukraine, meaning that they will find some formulas or algorithms regarding the expectations of Ukraine to integrate closer to the to the NATO to so far of course, I cannot any expect it I cannot say that, we will discuss the full fledged membership of Ukraine and NATO. But we have to find some new expressions or or or or sentences, just giving the hope to our friends and Ukraine. Because every time to repeat what we already said in Bucharest summit in 2008, decrypt the doors open. It's not enough anymore. And we got this message very clearly with President Duda. Then we gathered in a wave, okay. Please don't tell us that the door is open because we cannot find these door vases door. When when should not not when will Ukraine join NATO? Do you think? Ban? Yeah, give me a date. Please. Give me race. More simple questions. But I believe that is it's possible in few years time. But having in mind that it will be a very committed to grant this status to Ukraine, like we did in European Union. I have in mind candidate status to Ukraine to but it will depend very much on the success of Ukraine and this word, one word, one word question to you when we were the regime of Lukashenka for I can't answer. I don't know such prognosis. But I think that we all have to do everything possible for this happen as soon as possible. And on behalf of others and people and I will dare to say on behalf of Ukrainians that we are grateful to all the countries that are supporting us in our difficult paths to democratic changes to our serenity and independency. And long live Belarusian Glorieta, Ukraine. Last word to you and we're over time so I'm I always say we have to support Ukraine. This is this is the most important element, of course, and the United States. They they have the the key the crucial role in in that process. Yes. But But But But you you shouldn't underestimate the role of the rest of the of the NATO alliance, because it's much easier for American authorities for the President Biden and the members of American administration to send next supplies military supplies for Ukraine. And if if if if they can if they can say okay, but but but but we help with the rest of the NATO Yes. Because Poland send military military support to Ukraine, and this is more than $2 billion Yes. It's it's it's it's a huge money for the country like Poland. I don't know. Great Britain sand. Tremendous military support. to Ukraine. Yes. And, and, and, and even Lithuania, Lithuania is a small country but but they sent practically all their what's the figures? All your fingers? Yeah. All your fingers? Yes, that there was a moment we sent practically all our Thunderbolt, you know, this, this kind of weapon is against the aircraft. And so so so it's really difficult situation and we understand that but and, and, and this military support for Ukraine is a crucial element of this, of this, of how to how to solve this difficult situation. Super, thank you. That note thanks to all the leaders for for coming that this morning. Thank you so much. 

Welcome everybody to the panel mastering new energy economics. If you're using social media, the hashtag is with 23. And without further ado, I'm going to begin. We're in a crisis, perhaps the worst crisis in a generation, not since the 1970s. Have we experienced an energy emergency on this kind of scale? One, and once again, that is hitting the most vulnerable the hardest. What we actually have is interwoven crises West cooling it Polly crisis, post pandemic, inflation, food insecurity, the climate crisis, and of course, the illegal war in Ukraine. Tackling one requires addressing them all. Energy literally fuels the global economy, providing it in a cost effective, efficient, equitable, and crucially, sustainable manner is a fundamental necessity. Today's short term decisions must accelerate us towards a secure energy future tomorrow. It requires, as you're here today, a massive, massive rise in renewable energy investment, and it has to reach the most vulnerable nations that need it most and simply cannot afford it. The good news and there is good news not too serious right now, renewable energy investment did jump in the past year up 12% From a paltry 2%. Post the Paris agreements, and also major economies stepped up to provide tangible support. The less good news we'll call it bad news, fossil fuel subsidies doubled in 2021, and have probably continued to rise. The industry itself says look, even if we meet our Paris obligations, oil and gas will still provide for around half of our energy needs in 2040. If that's the case, then that reality requires thoughtful infrastructure investment today. What's more, the lack of diversification that exists in energy supply today, existing clean energy to great example, electric car batteries Rose 10% In the past year, cobalt, lithium, nickel all those prices rose like OPEC plus, today, the nations that mined these inputs hold serious playing cards in the future. Energy supply chains have to be strong, diverse, sustainable, or we're simply in danger of swapping one challenge today for another. And that's going to require global cooperation. Finally, our role as consumers, the new energy economy requires significant change from us the total energy bill paid in the past year $10 trillion globally for the first time ever. What's more, the top 10% of households consumed 20 times the energy of the lowest 10% The richest nations of the world have proved that they can drop their demand when prices are high. That has to continue as prices come down because it's simply the right thing to do. Whether we like it or not. This is the reality of the new energy economy. Now it's down to us to master the policies that will sustain both the planet and its people. Now, enough of me, let's talk about this with some of the world's most energetic masters. Even at this time in the morning, my introduced by panel, Fatih Birol, Executive Director of the IEA. Joseph Ziegler, who's the Minister of Industry and Trade for the Czech Republic, Vicky Holland, President and CEO of Occidental, Patty Papi, CEO of pg&e, and Martin Wolf, Associate Editor and Chief economics commentator at the Financial Times, welcome, everybody, Fatty, I'm going to kick off with you. You've said it, clean energy, energy security, inextricably linked, there's opportunities, there's also huge risks. just spell it out for us briefly. So man, thanks, Julian also framing the discussion in the beginning. Well done. So 24th of February was the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and first of March, just a week later, we set the entire verge we publicly that we are entering the first global energy crisis. Our world has never ever seen an energy crisis of this depth and of this complexity by this very simple the reason because Russia is the 24th of February, was the number one energy exporter of the world. We aren't talking about any country, top energy exporter, number one oil exporter of the world, number of angles export two of the world's major play in the coal markets, and the Russia's actions and the measures that the countries took against Russia meant we are in the middle of the first global energy crisis with huge implications on oil and gas markets. We are seeing it in Europe, in the rest of the world. However, this crisis, why we are going through this crisis. At the same time, it gave a big boost to clean energy development. Because in deep in the past, the clean energy was renewables, electric cars, efficiency, heat pumps, they were growing, but the main driver was environmental reasons. And now, the biggest growth, biggest driver of renewable energy growth, today is energy security. Renewables are pushed very strongly, because mainly for energy security reasons, because the homegrown renewables are the energy of peace. So therefore, the long lasting solutions to our energy security problems, go through clean energy to renewables, such as solar, wind, efficiency, electric cars, nuclear power, all of them. And when we look at the numbers, Julia, you know that my job is making my hands dirty with data every single day. And I can tell you, that the growth we are seeing in the clean energy is very, very strong. Just give you one example, renewable energy 2022 Last year, the growth is compared to one year ago, 25%, we have never seen that. Electric cars 2019, only three cars out of 100 were sold was electric. And last year, it is 13%. Big growth. And if this trend continues that even acceleration in 2030, which is tomorrow, every second car sold in Europe, US and China, three largest car markets will be electric car. So let's keep these things in mind. And maybe finally, let me mention that, in addition to this immediate response to energy crisis, there is also more structural response coming from the countries such as from United States inflation Reduction Act, in my view, the most important climate action after parties 2015 agreement. So the IRA inflation reduction act from United States, if it 455, from Europe, a Japan green transformation of Japan, ad incentives, huge incentives in India for the batteries, or China, pushing in their five year plan, big new clean energy technology manufacturing, this a second dimension, in addition to the current immediate responses in terms of renewable efficiency, heat pumps, electric cars, we are seeing a big push, mainly driven by industrial policies of the countries, I think they will emerge. And we will, hopefully, we'll have a secure and clean energy future. Fatty, I'm gonna stop you and you've stopped anyway. So that's good, you're half glass half full, which is good. So he's the optimist voice, Martin, I'm going to come to you now for for the counterbalance. Because we are seeing a rise in investment, which is great, but it's nowhere near enough. And I think fatty would agree with that, at least today, we need to see a massive rise in investment. And, you know, as he mentioned, if I look at China, if I look at India, if I look at the EU, and we'll hear from the example there, I mean, they have to invest more in wind and solar, because as far as I know, no one's worked out how to turn wind off. And no one's worked out how to turn the sun off, at least, which I think is an important point. So it's a great story. But of course, we're hopelessly behind. So let me just say that I see. The good news is, we all agree that massively expanding the supply of renewable energy is a climate and security priority. This point has been made. And the second piece of good news is that these technologies are increasingly cost competitive. And therefore, in economics, jargon, they're dominant technologies, that is the most economically efficient things we can do. And that means that over time, if a lot of problems are solved, market forces alone will deliver this. But those forces are of course, because of the scale of what has to be done, which is not just money, but planning, solving systems, reliability problems, solving the developing country finance problems, finance is a huge issue. The market forces just won't get there at the time needed. All the serious climate scientists tell us that we have to have very sizeable reductions in world emissions by 2030. If we're going to have any chance of keeping close to 1.5 degrees, and that's just not on the horizon, it's not what's been happening. So let's not be complacent about it, we need a massive acceleration of the transformation from where we have been. And that will require dramatic changes in policy, serious incentives, serious de risking of investment across the world. And not just in our own countries, we are not going to solve this problem, Europe generates 10% of emissions in the world. If you include the UK, it's just not relevant to the total picture. So what I want to say is we've got to a more comfortable position, technologically and economically than most thought 20 years ago. But we haven't got the world into a more comfortable position. And we should not pretend we are, we're talking about getting over some of the inertia, because it's you said the pricing actually, in many cases is right, but we're still not seeing the kind of investment and the direction of investment that we need. We'll come back to that. You've given me loads of launch points for every other panelist that I want to hear from but, Minister seeker, I'm gonna come to you because I think Europe's been one of those hardest hit and had to make the quickest transitions and taking a significant amount of action in the last year. Talk to me about energy security, from your perspective, briefly, if you can, as a kicking off point. So, first of all, thank you very much for the invitation to this very privileged panel. The second point that I completely agree was fatigue that basically on 24th of February, world, the energy world has changed and this changes Euro vocable. I give you the simple example of the Czech Republic. And then I will come back to European issues. On was the beginning of the war, Czech Republic as a landlocked country was the dependence on the Russian fossil fuel suppliers was ultimate 100% The nuclear fuel the nuclear bars for the nuclear power plants 99% gas and more than 50% crude oil. Without infrastructure, the infrastructure was built from the east to the west. So what you do if you if you want to impose sanctions on the aggressor, so, and there are similarities with the Yom Kippur War from 70s, but the combination Europe has to solve and is solving successfully is much worse because it was something like the George Clooney is perfect storm, not only the market manipulation, which Russia started already before the war, where basically Gazprom rented the storage is the gas storage is across the Europe and you know, they were it was the beginning of the heating season on the record low level empty, simply empty without the possibility to get the this 155 We are talking about the replacement of 100 5 billion cubic meters of the natural gas from Russia. So 1/3 of the current consumption of Europe, then the extreme dry during the summer. So, the hydropower plants in South Europe were not working also Scandinavia and then basically missing capacities in France 30 reactors out of nuclear reactors are out of 59 out of order because because domain of the maintenance, so it was like more than 140 terabyte terawatt capacity, which is the production of the Czech Republic and Slovakia together the yearly production. So, it was the perfect storm and in combination with the need to fulfill the storage is before the winter extremely pressure on the prices 1000 euro per megawatt hour on the end of the summer for for electricity and, and Sir 350 for gas, so nobody can afford this. There was like a big threat that the social agreement in European countries will be broken that there will be social unrest that the industry will not be able basically to pay the electricity bills and the big strength of the deindustrialization. What what is positive is that Europe has again shown the Unity under the East same pressure and I had the privilege to chair the European Energy Council of the of the 27 member member states. And we were able to keep the unity and the solidarity and in extremely short time to introduce a package of the measures, which basically helped us to count down the prices to balance the demand and the supply. The situation now, if you look on the gas prices, the spot was yesterday and 55. So 350 on the end of the summer, 55 yesterday, so this is like a heaven. Hell. Yeah, okay. The Heaven is not as cheap as it was before. But it is, it is affordable. What is extremely important is that the part of the package is the idea of joint purchases in order to prevent for the future, this price spikes. Well, this is extremely important that everybody understood that the dependency on the Russian fossil fuels might be reduced by speeding up the renewable resources that so so basically, that that the time we missed in the past is not available anymore. And we have to act now. And we have to act fast. So basically, that the Europe was able to agree to speed up the permitting for the renewable resources and to create funds for this higher speed in in basically renewables. Of course, what is extremely difficult by taking this extraordinary crisis measures not to forget the long term narrative, right? I want to hear from somebody else, we'll come back to it because we'll go into more depth. But this is a yes or no question. Can the momentum that you've achieved over the last 12 months be sustained? Because it has to be can it be? So yes, yes. We'll come back to that. Now have a choice. Patty, you also understand crisis in California, that provision of trying to provide 60 million people with stable we touched on that they're cost effective with prices soaring. And, of course, you're fighting the longer term challenges of security against wildfires, the flooding that's going on at this moment. Talk to me about how you view energy security and what you think. Whether it's for your company, or more broadly, needs to happen and change and fast. Well, first, thank you for having me, I'm proud to represent the people of California and the people of pg&e. You know, we are in a different kind of war in California. And that is the frontline of the war on climate, we're experiencing it, we've just had historic flooding, we've had historic wildfires, we've had historic now snowfall, an earthquake, just in the last month, all of those things in the last six months. So we're experiencing it. And and we have some of the most ambitious climate objectives because of that, and the people of California are very resolved. And I'll remind people that the state of California, if it were a country is either the fourth or fifth largest economy in the world. And yet, we have very ambitious climate objectives. And I am extremely optimistic about the opportunity to lead this climate transition in a systems mindset way. So as a system, when we optimize that system, as we transition, we can do this in the for the lowest societal cost. And I see a very clear and specific pathway to the lowest societal cost of the transition by optimizing distributed resources along with Central Station, traditional sources of supply, but optimized in a very specific way. So let me just tell in September, we had a peak summer heat event. California had its peak demand for electricity on September 6, and so we are boots on the ground. I was standing watching the load curve creep up and creep up we saw the battery storage kick in right when it was supposed to that's new additions to California's energy supply. It worked just like it was supposed to but as we got very close to having to shut down our transmission systems and and prevent energy delivery to preserve the grid. The state took a very aggressive action to send out an emergency text message to all of the California cell phones and instantaneously 2500 megawatts came off this system. We watched the load curve drop with the straight line, which told me and reaffirmed us a hypothesis that I have the demand manage meant with modern technology can be automated. We shouldn't have to send a text message. It worked. But you basically said, guys switch off your aircon. Yes. Just said, yes, please reduce your usage by Californians responded because they're good citizens. But what it says is that could be automated with smart devices, Wi Fi communicating devices and electric vehicles, as a power resource bi directional power resource back to the grid would be an even an additional asset. That was what I would refer to as anyways, economics, people have already purchased the electric vehicle, it's an investment anyways, get its full value by putting its power back to the grid. And all of that can be automated technology can enable that this is a technology that has never been available in all of our years of delivering energy and electricity, in particular to the people of the world, we can now manage demand, and have the right use at the right time, not just conserve, not just use less. But instead smooth out the demand curve and have distributed variable resources that can deliver it will happen. And I'm very optimistic about that. Yeah. And you also have an electric vehicle advantage as well. And I know you're pioneering feeding energy back into the grid at these moments of peak demand. We'll come back to that as well. And Mr. Ziegler, I know he's nodding because he wants to talk about how Europe managed to bring their demand down. Vicki, we're happy to hear from Vicki first. It was 15 to 20% there, wasn't it, I can see Smiley. Coming here, please. Because I think the key word for Martin was emissions. And I think the oil and gas sector has a terrible reputation, I think you would admit that there are pieces of this sector that are recognizing that an existential crisis for the planet is also an existential crisis for them. And that's creating inertia. But you have a different way of looking at this. It's sort of a reality check. I think for all of us, please explain. Yeah, I think that it's what's important to understand is that the enemy is our emissions. It's not the energy source. And what we really need is a more thoughtful transition. And the transition has to be one that's built around ensuring that as we transition, that we don't leave developing countries behind and emerging countries, we have to understand that oil is the highest intensity energy at the lowest cost. What we have to do now is we have to address the emissions. And we have been making important strides toward lowering our methane emissions across the industry. And it's been a concerted effort by a lot of companies and countries to make that happen. And I agree with 5g and Martin, that and Paddy that renewables are critically important. And the reality is, that's a part of our transition to we need energy to provide the our equipment to run. And we're starting to move to using renewable energy. Battery advancement is important to make that sustainable, and to make that a consistent provision of of energy. But that's going to happen. And we're we're actually as I will say, just occidental as an example. We know that you We not only need to lower emissions from our oil and gas operations, we need to lower the emissions from a lot of industries. The oil and gas industry is always the industry that's attacked. But the reality is that a lot of the products you use and you don't like to hear this, but a lot of the products you use comes from oil and gas. And so simply building wind and solar is not nearly all of the answer to the question and to the challenge. So we believe that what we're doing will help transition our industry. And that is to get very aggressive with with carbon capture, not just at Point Source emissions, but you're seeing what's happening around the world with respect to climate change where we are today. So if we cannot reduce the co2 that's already in the atmosphere, we have a real problem. So direct air capture, no matter what model you look at has to be a part of the solution. And we are we just started construction last quarter of what will be the largest direct air capture facility in the world. It'll extract 500,000 tonnes of co2 per year from the atmosphere, the next largest is extracting only 4000 tons. So this has to happen and it has to happen in a big way along with Point Source Capture. And to me, if we can all work together to make that happen. That's the best way to partner them with solar wind and build building electric vehicles. So that is going to be the best way to transition very quickly. Are you in favor pending subsidies to the oil and gas sector, because it goes back to the point that I think Martin was making about that the price signals being off at certain times, you know, there's no doubt that there's been hardly any game changing and transformational technology that's ever been developed in the world that did not at some point, have some sort of subsidy, like wind and solar took about 10 years to reduce the cost of wind and solar by 80. For slabs, and wind and solar had subsidies. Now we with the inflation Reduction Act that was just passed, and thanks to Senator Manchin wherever he is, he's here at the conference somewhere thank him when you see him. But the IRA is a an important bill for us in that it does provide subsidies, not just for carbon capture, but for electric vehicles for lithium for for many other things that will help the climate transition, it says fatty said it's and others have said in the meeting I just was in it's one of the most transformational passages of, of a bill ever in the world. And it's, it's, it's going to, I think jumpstart a lot of things. And for us, the thing that it does is, it does enable us to advance the technology faster. Our goal is to build was to build 100 of these direct air capture facilities so that we could extract 100 million tons of co2 from the atmosphere between now and 2035. With the passage of that bill, that's going to make it possible for us to build up to 135 of these so. So it is important, and subsidies are very important for the development of new technologies. And what I'm really excited about, I know there's a lot of, thankfully a lot of enthusiasm and optimism on this panel already. And what I'm really excited about is where we have an advantage over wind and solar, and that we're starting to develop a brand new technology that's critically important for the world. But we're going to be able to build a digital twin as we're building them the facility so that we can with that digital twin in advance the development and the optimization of that plant a lot faster than wind and solar was able to do. I think that's the key, we have to accelerate everything, whether it's the investment, whether it's the technology, we have to take risks, sometimes the r&d is not going to work. And I know it's tough during a cost of living crisis where you're having to make short term and longer term decisions. But I think that points to it marked in common here, because there's two things I want to talk about. I want to talk about the best ways to de risk finance, whether that's to countries that need it most that can't afford adaption, finance, nevermind mitigation, finance. But I think the other thing, we've touched on it here with the subsidies in the United States, and that is creating good competition, not creating protectionism. And I mentioned the dangers of an OPEC plus kind of scenario with some of them. Minerals like and metals like lithium, like cobalt, like nickel, how concerned are you one about insecure new supply chains, but also pushing it so far with subsidies that perhaps we create unhealthy competition? And maybe that's a first class problem, Martin, how do we overcome these things? We'll get the balance right. And we haven't even mentioned China yet? Well, my general view in having watched governments for about a half a century and watch climate policy for about 25 years, is it it's always going to be a mess. I don't look for optimality, or anything vaguely like it is going to be wasteful politicized. But it has to move in the right direction. You know, when I think look at the mess of the nature of our subsidies, what we subsidize I'm very happy with the subsidies, subsidies in most of the subsidies in the IRA. God knows why it's called an inflation Reduction Act. But that's the point I'm making. It's going to be it's going to be political. It's going to be political. But so what one has to do in practice is find a way to marry political realities. With moving us very rapidly in the right direction. How that and I would say, so far, we haven't done a great job at that. But we haven't done an unbelievably bad one either. So the the, the answer to that, I think, is countries which have a lot of fiscal room like the US and Europe just need to be prepared to borrow and spend a lot and, and I'm less worried about fiscal deficits than some so that's what they're going to have to do the but there will be a lot of economic interests, pushing them in the right direction, because there's a lot of money to be made. So that that has made it more even than it was two 80 years ago, but it was basically if I may say, so the fossil fuels industry pushing against it. Now we actually have a renewable energy industry with everything around it, and everybody can see there's money. So this is good. And that will push people, for governments further to support them. And that I think part of what happened with the AI, the IRA and also with next gen EU, but the big hole to me, the biggest hole is the risk profile in developing and emerging countries. And the SMEs, very good reports recently outlined this, the high level group with Nick stern and various long wait, for example. So these there are two elements. The first of all, the problem is that nobody wants to lend money to developing in emerging countries with very few exceptions, because they think they might not on cheap terms, because they think they might not get their money back. So they raise interest rates to a level at which they guarantee not to get their money back. Now, this is a real trap. And the only way around that is to do risk it by the developed countries using the international financial institutions as risk guarantors. And for that to happen, the major ivies in here, it's the World Bank more than the Oba have to be prepared to lose quite a lot of money. And that then gets to really big political issues, who bears ultimately the risks in this system, which has been operated for 6070 years on the assumption that essentially, they never lose money. So this is, there is a risk, there are risks here that have to be borne by someone. And my view is basically, it's the rich country governments because there aren't any other risk bearers. There are lots of other things, you can do equity financing to something on the scale that is needed, and the speed that is needed, we really have to think about how risk is reallocated and born in the system, if you want this to be a global activity, and remember, emerging and developing countries are where all the growth in energy consumption and emissions are gonna come from. Yeah, the World Bank, in your case, in particular needs to take that first last piece, they have to be willing to bear the greater brush, they have to manage the scale of the losses, from their point of view, because they don't want to go back to their shareholders and asking for more capital. But somebody has to take that bite, you know, and say, well, actually, this is so important, we're going to have to risk losing money. Yeah, the mindset has to change that has to be clear to the shareholders in the beginning, we're going to throw throw money away. Well, that's where you get to the point where what is politically feasible, may not actually match with what is globally essential. And when you're in that situation? Well, political feasibility has to change, that I'm going to come to you on this because I think this is vital to get your insights on this too. But Mr. Ziegler, I feel, I feel like I've sort of teased your responses to a number of these things now. What do you make of this? And how do we how do we do how do we do this? How do we facilitate this, I'm going back to the to the savings 40% of the energy consumption is related to buildings and the biggest part of of it is a heating and what was extremely important that the Europe was able already during the summer thing about the next heating season and the first extraordinary meeting and they became known that I convened the historical highest number of extraordinary energy consoles in the history of European Union in order simply to align as said, We will sit as long we will finish basically what we have to finish. And the first mission impossible was the alignment on gas savings already during the summer, save gas for a safe winter was the slogan and what was extremely important to convince the population that they are the part of the game and what is fantastic for example, in my country, that we were able with simple measures to save 15% of the gas consumption only during few months by simply convincing the people they have to heat less they have to sink if they increase basically the room temperature of the Euro hoodie and I know that we cannot repeat it for a second time. But you know, why not? This is technically not possible, but the demand response limitation of this like hotfixes is simply given you cannot force the people to have like less than 18 degrees you know in the room so they are like a technical limitations. So we now have to come with more advanced a broach. But what is important is that basically Europe is aware, and Europe is working in this direction, when it comes to subsidies. As a former banker, and also partially macro economists, I say that you know, we should be careful, because subsidy is something like a doping in sport. If you then have to live without a subsidies, it is difficult to turn back to, to a normal life. And sometimes we see that the people, the intrapreneurs, are not sinking, what is good for the people, but where I can get subsidies, so, I will invest there where I will get bigger subsidies, and I understand the importance of the inflation Reduction Act, from the US perspective on the other side, in Europe, etc, much more controversial, because it is saying to the European investors, go back go to us, because because this is, this is more profitable for you, because they will subsidize, and they will give you much cheaper energy than you can get in Europe. And when we start a rally of subsidies, this is extremely dangerous, because you are speaking about fiscal room. And I don't know that, you know, for example, Fed would agree that the fiscal room in the US is as big as some of the people believe and Europe, it is not the one animal we have a we have a situation countries with 25% inflation countries with 7% inflation with completely different levels of indebtedness to GDP. So with a completely different fiscal room, within a Europe, so we have to be smart. And we should not allow that the Western world will now also compete where basically, the necessary investments will go to this is capitalism, isn't it? I can this is capitalism, healthy competition, they're trying to boost their industry, Europe has to in some way, step up to the plate too. I agree that we don't want siloed investment in that duplication of investment. And capitalism. I feel like we have to think outside the box where renewable energy is concerned. But I take your point, Vicki coming here, I just want to I'm conscious of time as well, this time I do I do just want to say that subsidies shouldn't last forever. But subsidies really are needed to develop new technologies, what we're seeing is we're seeing a growing voluntary compliance market that's willing to pay the price for to achieve net neutrality from the standpoint of their carbon footprint, more than 2000 corporations around the world have committed to that. So we're seeing that subsidies will not be there forever, we don't expect it, we expect to advance our technology so that it will stand alone support itself and be a growing business for us, we do expect to become a carbon management company over time. So it is going to be a profitable business. I will say though, with respect to Europe, I hate to say it, but I have to say it imposing windfall profits tax on the oil companies that are doing their best to grow wind and solar in Europe was not the smartest move, in my view to come in here. Because I mean, it could have been tax free if it were going to just put investment in make it simple for all of us to put the frame. Now, if big if if we all want to reach a 1.5 degree target to keep our climate safe. But the scientists tell us to do our climate target. Today, divert invests $1 for fossil fuels, and one and a half dollars for clean energy, so the ratio is $1 for fossil fuels, but then the half dollar for clean energy. If we want to reach our target, this ratio of one to 1.5 should be one to nine. So big increase in clean energy investment, and which makes it even more difficult. The growth of the Clean Energy Investment need to come from the developing countries. Their cost of capital for clean energy technologies is about six, seven times higher than US or Europe and as well as in this is the nerve center of all the problem. How because I believe money and the clean energy projects in Europe and in us if it were 55 at the end they will meet but what are we going to do in the emerging countries and I believe advanced economies have two reasons to support to the Clean Energy Financing developing countries, number one, one tonne of co2 going into the atmosphere, from Detroit, or from Jakarta, or from New York or from Marseille, here's the same effect on everybody. You can do whatever you want at home, it doesn't change. If the emissions come from us as well. You can bring to UK emissions, you'd have emissions to zero, you will not be able to protect yourself from climate change impacts if Indonesia and other countries go longer. So first analogical reason. And second, the other drivers why they should invest have a clear interest in developing countries moral reason, the climate change is an issue of concentration of carbon in the atmosphere. And the about 80% of this carbon in the atmosphere are put in the put there by the adverse economists 100 years. So they have a moral reason to clean it up as well, for two reasons, I believe, would it be worth bank reform, the RFIs and so on, they have to advance this one thing I have to congratulate Joseph here. He did an excellent job for Europe, if we are still here. Enjoy the warmth. This year, the temperature and the Lasser on well done, Joseph, the temperature the winter, warm me to help you a bit. We should be honest. But I just want to do a good job. Martin come in here and Patti lopatic. Comment. Okay, thank you so much for coming to you. I just want to make a point about Martin, what you said about it won't be optimized, I appreciate that. But I also think that there's a tradition and The historical investment in technology. And even in California, the early investment in wind resources when they weren't popular and weren't economically viable, have then made it possible for wind to be developed around the world as well. And so over time, I agree wholeheartedly that there's the the wealthier nations can start the engines of progress and of innovation. And Vicki, I think what you said, I'm so excited about your work, and what you're doing with carbon capture, that will create the possibility for developing nations to access that technology in time. And as you said, there's where we fix it, it has a positive impact. And in whatever sequence, we do it. So let's go ahead and let the innovation occur. And I just think there's such an opportunity to adapt, enable and accelerate. So we're adapting with hardening our infrastructure, whether we're undergrounding our power lines, or building a more resilient distributed energy system that is more secure for people to have power when and where they want it. But we're also enabling in the in the IRA, and the earlier legislation that was passed, it's enabled the extension of nuclear power plants, I have a 2200 megawatt nuclear power plant that was scheduled to close. But because of that legislation, and the support from the US government in the state of California, we're extending the life of that nuclear power plant. That's a, that's an enabling investment on the part of the federal government in the United States that has benefits globally. But then finally, to accelerate the advancement of electric transportation as a key resource back to the grid, as well as distributed micro grids. And it's an all of the above, all of us have to do all of it as fast as we can. And I think some of these economic subsidies are absolutely enabling that to happen in the larger wealthier nations so that the developing nations will then be able to access that technology affordably, yes, it's not just about providing financing. It's also about the provision of technology as well. And yesterday using it and pushing it forward. I'm a naughty girl, because I'm supposed to open it up to q&a. We've got one minute left, Martin, the floor is yours. You were waving at me to say certain things. So make it really good, my friend. So no pressure. I think the situation is incredibly clear in the sense that we sort of know where we've got to go. And we have to accelerate the speed at which we're going there multiple times, nine times at least. This will require a staggering volume of resources, a lot of very, very clever policy. And it has to be seen as a global public action program. At the first genuinely, as it were a global effort by humanity to manage the world on a war basis. That's where we are. And in this situation, to me, the most important thing is that everybody was involved. Politicians business have The sense of urgency, because so much of this is talking about things as if we had years or decays to sort all these out, we don't. And so the key is to get the urgency. And my view is, of course, they're going to spend money, a lot of it is going to be wasteful, a lot of the policies that will get through will be intensely irritating. But as long as they're pushing really, really rapidly in the main Right, right directions, we'll get there with a lot of luck. And the key things are to look at what isn't happening, or what isn't happening is we're not investing nearly enough. And too, we're not investing nearly enough above all in the places where we know that's not happening, because they don't have the money. And it's no good for us to say we don't have any money, because we're the only people who do have any in this situation. And we've got to do something. That's how it is. Yeah. And citizens, our citizens have to take responsibility. And also we have to buy some room for our politicians to make tough choices for us in the short term, that benefit is in the longer term. So I think we all have to, we all have to stand up, step up and protect our planet and our people. Factor you wanted to talk about China. Can you do it in? No, I'm being given the timeout. I've done. Lawyers have been required to not go to do another panel. Forget China. Exactly. Do it together. We're one planet. What's the issue have to be we have to understand China is the number one driver of clean energy today. All right, we got to cooperate with them, obviously. Martin optimistic to your guns. Thank you. We will cooperate 

Hello it's my great pleasure and honor. John, we will lose his excellency, viewer, Vice Premier of state council of the People's Republic of China surpass three years, the world has been undergoing tremendous changes with many challenges. The pandemic, the war in Europe, the slowing economy, the energy crisis, food crisis, supply chain instability, climate change, and I could go on. So well this becoming even more fragmented. And we must seek cooperation in this fragmented world since China's reform process over 40 years ago, the country has made great contributions to the development of the global economy. Yet, so Roald is in transformation. And we are all focused to rethink our development models. The global community, your Excellency is eager to understand the next chapter of China's development strategy, both domestically and globally, particularly after the Communist Party's 20th Congress. And we would like to know the opportunities in China and how we can work together with China to tackle so collective challenges such a world is facing cooperation, instead of fragmentation. As Director of the Office of the central commission for finance and economy, director of the financial stability and development committee of State Council, head of the leading group for National Science and Technology system reform and innovation systems development phase for me a review has played a key role and key roles in China's economy, financial and technolog technology sector, as well as China's international cooperation force for over 30 years now. He's a recognized leader, and a well known person internationally. Today, we all need to work together to make progress in this fragmented world. We firmly believe that China will play and can play an important role. So we are all keen to hear your perspectives. Mr. Vice Premier of China assume how much will China assume a responsive and responsible role to avoid first off fragmentation in the world. Please welcome Vice Premier you will hurt. So during the show our board was Dr. Klaus Schwab user may change, ladies and gentleman, friends. Good morning, guys. Yeah, sure. Let me begin by thanking Dr. Schwab for inviting me to Danfoss again, where sounds kinda sure are a lot Last time I came here was 2018. Over the past five years, we have experienced all kinds of unexpected events and witnessed you profound changes in the world's political and economic landscape. Gene engineer. Therefore, the theme of this year's annual meeting, cooperation, and a fragmented world cannot be more relevant, shall hold our mutual understanding is an important prerequisite for cooperation. Shan Shan God, we've been conducting online communications recently. Yet, we realized that no matter how technologically advanced it is, there's no substitute for in person meetings, general things can go I had quite a number of very warm meetings with some old friends these two days. Chandogya Jr. John, this face to face event. I hope I can help you understand the Chinese economy better, drunk or surely event I'm gonna go. In 2022. China completed its major political agenda. We held the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and elected the new central leadership with President Xi Jinping at its core. We drew up an ambitious Blueprint for Advancing Chinese modernization in the coming five years and beyond. Into last month, we held the annual central economic work conference to make plans for this year in line with the development of the 20th CPC National Congress for June energy Mancha. Don't go at the end. Don't last year, China's growth was 3%. Cheap and we managed to keep jobs and prices stable. Andrew would argue urban survey unemployment rate was 5.6% CPI was 2%. And the current account surplus your view total was slightly above 2% of GDP. When in 2023, we will continue to work to make progress while maintaining stability and follow a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy. We will strive to maintain reasonable economic growth and keep human prices and jobs stable. When will you go there. Our focus will be placed on expanding domestic demand we do try keeping industrial and townhome and supply chains smooth, medium G Jan Khanfar supporting the healthy development of private sector, deepening state owned enterprises reform, attracting foreign investment funds and preventing up and diffusing economic and financial risks. If we work hard enough, we are confident that in 2023, China's growth will most likely return to its normal trend. The Chinese economy will see a significant improvement should you call me a genius Tangata ting call for immediate a noticeable increase of import. More investment by companies and residential consumption returning back to normal can be expected. Stronger the GDP over the past 10 years. China's GDP grew from 54 trillion to 121 trillion yuan for jujitsu, our average life expectancy rose from 74.8 to 72. 8.2 years last year and contribution to the global growth last year reached around 36%. Chunky. Well, I'm really shy. Oh, at least five things that we always bear in mind in making such achievements. Eugen Sure, first, we must always take economic development as the primary and central task. Under the new circumstances, guided by the philosophy of innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development you're ready to do high quality economic development must always be our goal. Yeah bgn second, show it we should try and zingy. We must always make establishing a socialist market economy, the direction of our reforms. Y'all, we must let the market play a fundamental role in resource allocation and let the government play a better role. Some people say that China will go for the planned economy and that is by no means possible. On your agenda, and Wu Yi Sheng Hua coy here will stay committed to deepening SOE reform. Support the private sector and their growth. Find good promote fair competition. Oppose monopoly and champion entrepreneurship Egencia so caught up to almost always promote all round opening up shabdrung Gotta keep them opening up as a basic state policy. Don't go that guy is a catalyst of reform and development in your in China, and a key driver of economic progress. China's door to the outside world will only open wider. Fourth, we must always uphold the rule of law. We must protect property rights and IPRS and accordance with the law. We must create a world class and market oriented business environment underpinned by a sound legal framework. Dobies you, both government and market activities must stay within the confines of law. You insure 50 shoot on fire, we must pursue innovation driven development. We should promote innovation in education. Grow human capital, you know, could you foster a sound interaction of finance technology and industry loans and work to boost productivity? Using the gentleman on your man, ladies and gentleman friends, sure. The above five points that you are the important experience we have learned and gained since China started its reform and opening up. We must stick to them and never waver in our commitment were shown to Jungwirth let me also briefly touch upon three issues about the Chinese economy farm. First issue where we are in resolving financial risks. Those in the real estate sector in particular, to the second our thinking on a dual circulation. Third, there rationale behind China's goal of common prosperity. John Good to see you the financial risks that emerged in China over the past five years are a result of multiple factors including macro economic downturn, loose financial supervision imprudent businesses expansion, and insider Control Home daddy child. We fought a tough battle to address these risks. Here we dealt with conglomerates. Children, government, as well as small and medium sized financial institutions, have high risks disposed of distressed assets, curbed shadow banking activities when sure you'd have handled unusual volatility in the capital market. Here don't hear about Sheila. Thanks to these efforts, we have managed to maintain overall financial stability and prevented systemic risks which Georgia Attorney General and we are drafting the financial stability law right now, which is expected to provide legal safeguards for defusing risks and maintaining financial stability as we go forward to the real estate sector is still a pillar for China's economy. But there have been changes since 2021. The real estate sector accounts for nearly 40% of bank lending around 50% of overall local government, fiscal resources, and 60% of urban household assets. Well, cool. Therefore, we pay much attention with all due to the changes that have taken place, including a rapid decline in property prices and home sales. Many property developers have suffered from liquidity shortage and deteriorating balance sheet. The risks of a handful of leading property developers are particularly noticeable and we hit if not handled properly, the risks risks in the housing sector are likely to trigger systemic risks. That is why prompt steps must be taken to address the heat on phones. Yeah. That said, while doing so we should also prevent possible moral hazard. The here is what we have done. First, when we have stabilized expectations by honoring contracts and protecting property rights, rather than dooming downtown Dubai for the 2600 Plus pre sold, but unfinished housing projects that concern 1.8 8 million people across the country we have made ensuring their delivery a priority. And this helped prevent panic in the market. Second, we have conducted massive blood transfusion to the real estate sector to the Quiddity situation of real estate companies has been greatly enhanced by way of fresh bank lending. bond issuance guarantee, thunder and equity financing. Found Thor found you Dad sure trial quarter or third year. We have relaxed restrictions that were once introduced to addressing the overheating in the property market to effectively expand demand and enable property developers to generate revenue through model Shere Khan. Thanks to these efforts, new agenda. The property market in China has seen noticeable improvement Changshu Joel quit looking ahead. China's urbanization is still on the fast track. And the enormous potential demand generated in this process will provide a strong underpinning for the development of the real estate sector you coordinate. Right now, China is stepping up efforts to foster a new development paradigm with domestic circulation as the mainstay and domestic and international circulations reinforcing each other. The focus of domestic circulation is on expanding internal demand. Mounting industrial upgrade developing a consumption led growth model for huge issues yet and rebalancing the economy. You here on Fiverr on Wii U haul this is a logic reflecting international consensus since the financial crisis in 2008. regard for China needs to rebalance, so does the United States the world economy needs every balancing. However, for domestic circulation to function well it must rely on international division of labor and cooperation as well as more foreign trade and investment. Therefore, the new development paradigm and dual circulation is to be pursued an open economy. China's national reality dictates that opening up to the world is a must not an expediency. We must open up wider and make it work better. We oppose unilateralism and protectionism. I look forward to strengthening comprehensive international cooperation with all countries Prieta for world economic stability and development and the promotion of economic re globalization shall Colin Shall we shall, now that China has completed the mission of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, we have come up with a new social development goal of achieving common prosperity, one that issues you know, historic mission that will help us ensure lasting stability. It is a long term task that requires an incremental and graduate approach. It is not something to be achieved overnight. common prosperity as we see it is aimed at preventing polarization Call. Call change can only be attained through common development and the hard work of every Chinese common parrot prosperity is by no means a synonym of a egalitarian ism. Or welfarism. Jeremy, for your tango, as China grows, all Chinese people will be better off. But that doesn't mean their incomes and level of prosperity have to be the same. Let me challenge you all. Or that is to say there will be equal opportunities, but no guarantee of equal outcomes. Well, cool. Entrepreneurship is a key factor for both creation of a society. Therefore entrepreneurs, both Chinese and foreign, will play an important role as the engine driving China historical pursuit of common prosperity. chunk of both doesn't grow common prosperity will become a river without source, or tree without roots. Ladies and gentlemen, friends, the theme of this meeting, cooperation in a fragmented world is highly relevant you immune to Haeju. Down here, as President Xi Jinping noted, changes of our world of our times of history unfolding in front of us in an unprecedented way. The world has once again come at a historical crossroad, and its future depends on the choices we make. As for how to advance international cooperation, I'd like to share with you the following three observations. First, we need to upload the right principles and maintain the effective international economic order human trials under severe bouncer under the new circumstances to the traditional way of thinking cannot provide a solution. Fool hence, we have to abandon John, the cold war mentality. Try to understand the essence of things from the perspective of material duality, you are in the endeavor to build a community with a shared future for mankind and join hands to respond to global challenges. A huge issue we believe that an equitable international economic order must be preserved by all of us even going Euclidean, founded on international division of labor, encouragement of competition, anti monopoly protection of property rights and IPRS promoting entrepreneurship and free flow of production factors. Fair distribution and channel, ensuring macroeconomic stability and a strong social safety net drove costs to economic principles that are relevant today. The government has a key role to play on major issues. Despite temporary resistance and some setbacks, we must have the courage to uphold the truth and law of economics, the ban and address complex issues in a pragmatic way with plain and simple solutions. Second, we need to strengthen international macro policy coordination and strike a good balance between inflation and growth in the US to tame inflation. Some countries have chosen the policy that will likely result in the hike recession recovery loop. But it is important to note that inflation this time around is driven by multiple factors, which is why it is complicated. Apart from the demand side supply side measures are also need to repair the supply chains and preserve energy and food security. Won't Won't we don't go on Toby you a joint response to this challenge requires international cooperation and maintenance of peace from your who you torture. In alcohol, we call for more attention to the negative spillover effect of major countries rate hikes on the emerging markets and developing countries so as not to add two more debt or financial risks. Three don't We also stand ready to work with all parties to find solutions to the debt issues of some developing countries. Using the third NGO Quixote, we need a global response to climate change. Most countries in the world are keenly aware of the urgency of climate governance and the need for common actions. shengguan Bonecrusher the COVID 19 pandemic has revealed to us a possible connection between climate change and public health crisis will meet your this is an area where effective international cooperation is needed to China will honor its commitments to the international community push for global cooperation on climate change. He began work with other countries to tackle the serious challenges posed by it. The end of this year, Josh alpha to show me how to strengthen cooperation in a fragmented world. As a real problem, we all face failure to drown. General Fiji, we must face it squarely. Dig deep into the causes of fragmentation, promote positive some games, identify the possible converging areas of cooperation or you can explore the mechanisms for doing so surely, we must also work together to firmly safeguard world peace. We want you all know, we should be grateful that this year's Davos Forum presents us with an opportunity to do just that. I wish the format for success you can hopefully help us strengthen cooperation and preserve peace in a fragmented world. Thank you for your attention. Thank you. Thank you very much ffice. For me. We have time also for two questions. And I would like to follow up what you mentioned at the end and come back to China carbon neutrality goal. China has announced its goal to be carbon neutral by 2060 to make such a strong contribution to see achievement of the Paris objectives, but what are the practical decisive steps set must be taken. And you mentioned already what all does Spielberg collaboration play? Could you elaborate a little bit closer? From what he's saying thank you Dr. Schwab for your question, no questions. So may I answer in Chinese instead of English? Call us Leone, you move your carbon peak before 2030 and carbon neutrality before 2060 Our solemn commitments that Chinese government made to the world we all strive to achieve them while they can. drugs or alcohol. To achieve that, we are making efforts in a number of aspects. The first one, we are adjusting energy structure, coordination the key goal Further, we will increase the share of renewable and new energy. What do you guys find your time and enhance the efficiency of traditional energy, including carbon capture, storage. These are important for improving water quality. And in the meantime, while you're here, India, and China, China's national reality dictates that we also need to promote safe and clean use of nuclear power. Draw to tune the second node in general, will focus on key areas of carbon reduction using Google Drive. On chunky pipe Roundup, I'm rubbish. If we can focus on these key areas, were able to cut 80% of emissions, including power generation, construction materials still, I own we're also promoting the change of consumption behavior and make changes to the traditional manufacturing sector. And third, we think institutional arrangements are crucial. We have made a one plus n policy framework find your you Chicago promoting the building of the Euro carbon trade and green finance with a component on fiscal on public investment, taxation will also make efforts in these aspects. One fishy shiny the Qaeda, what do you call it Fourth, we must strengthen international cooperation project. We are working with the United States, including under the United Nations, APEC ng 20 frameworks, we have established a series of mechanisms using CAGR. To do that. We have already been working with the European Union. In areas such as cities, and industrial parks, we are working with the European Union on technology. And we are collaborating with emerging markets and developing countries. For instance, in Belt and Road cooperation, we have announced the end of building new coal fired plants in international cooperation and we will also provide financing to countries in need. To wash the agenda, I also want to talk about Chinese modernization. Sure. Carbon Neutrality is China's international obligation. This is also what China needs in driving its internal growth. It is not imposed on us. Rather, it is something that we want to do going to supply of primary products requires international exchanges. Or in China, we have a massive manufacturing industry and advancing industrialization and urbanization, shimmy and China must make changes and tweaks to our development model to grow and promote green development to start in January. Well, if you don't change I have noticed that if you don't do you find the idea of paradigm change oriented green development that was raised not long ago. I had found time to the reduction of carbon emissions and carbon neutrality will be crucial to China's survival. We're also taking a holistic approach to conserving mountain water forest and farmland and grassland ecosystems. We know that Lusa waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, which we also need we also need to promote green development among the public. Thank you for Marion's just contacts and appreciate very much China's commitment to plan. It's a framework also a follow up on trillion trees are checked to plan I think 65 I've billion trees in the coming years. Yes. Now I have a question which certainly everybody is keenly interested to face where we are. Because there have been so many different reports about the COVID situation in China, creating concerns about sea health situation, of course, the impact on economic host potential and of course, sea resilience and reliance on supply chains. Could you enlighten us what's the situation is and what can we expect of the final if I may say so, normalization of the situation? Thank you so much for your time, if I may, I still hold on to anxiety in Chinese as I mentioned, okay. For Johnny. As you mentioned are you doing fine Jana Trudeau drum drum, we are shifting our focus from Dynamic zero COVID to the prevention of severe cases has started on Eighth December last year, you and your since eighth January this year, we have started to manage COVID has a Class B infectious infectious disease that is a signal of reopening human shouldn't be first the COVID situation are called the case study in China has passed the infection peak members for society have returned to normal query for children should be acquired for more than Isha. There's a short span of time between infection peak and returning to normal which somehow is beyond our expectations shown. shown for a second round we jumped living and production have been fully restored. Catering, tourism and other consumption they don't want to have restored Joe Tony has have been restored restored to normal. Should you have received quite surprising number from the Transportation Department this year is your Chinese Spring Festival. Do you foresee some 5 billion trips made which is an enormous scale query for the job that is why I said just now that life has been restored to normal in China do you find in China today and I'm gonna assert the priority is still on the elderly those with under underlying conditions including diabetes, high blood pressure, etc. Which one don't die and die up. Now we are working to address these priorities as things stand hospitals, hospital beds, doctors, nurses medicine buncha Can you bought drugs supply of these factors can be ensured. Finally, for all of you, my foreign friends, who are most welcome to visit China. The policy we're taking right now is travelers only need 48 hour PCR test results upon entry may or encourage you to push and there is no quarantine. No other additional requests from the client, which either Amil all of you, friends from the international community are most welcome to visit China or provide you with the best services. Once you go to the uncertain issues we need some time for transition, but overall, there is no problem. I met a number of old friends yesterday. They told me that they want to visit China for the ball for for Asia, for the high level forum for development, there is also proof that things have been normalized. Thank you for your question. And thank you for your attention. Thank you. sank your face for me. The highly appreciate that you came here to Davos, actually just before Spring Festival start so you came here with important delegation. And thank you for sharing with us the latest policies of the Chinese government of China and I speak on behalf of all of us. I want to wish you a good year of syrup it thank you very much 

Madam President, find a lion. Libra was the law. At a time in history, as we have seen also in the speech of the first lady in a time at the time in history, during which unprecedented and imaginable challenges, demand exceptional leaders. We did this a deep honor to have you with us to present your vision for the future of Europe and Europe's role in the world. I'm convinced that your commitment and your visionary leadership to a stronger and closer union, particularly during those times, where Europe is really tested, have been so essential your leadership and will continue to be so Madam President, we are excited to have us with you today. Stage is yours. Your royal highnesses excellencies ladies and gentlemen, Eva Klaus, my dearest Aunt Anna. For almost one year now. Ukraine has stunned the world. On that fateful February morning, many predicted that QIf would fall in a matter of days. But this did not account for the morale and the physical courage of Ukrainian people. Dearest Elena, you and your people. You have resisted the Russian invasion and push back against the aggressor against all odds. Not even Russia's relentless attacks on civilians and you have described them or the specter of a brutal winter have shaken your resolve. In this last year, your country has moved through the world and has inspired Europe. And I can assure you that Europe will always stand with you. Many doubted whether that European support would be so unwavering. But today, Ukraine is a candidate country to access the European Union, European Kent. European countries are providing more and more critical weapons to Ukraine. We're hosting around 4 million Ukrainians in our cities, our homes and our schools. And we have put in place the strongest sanctions ever, which leaves the Russian economy facing a decade of regression. And it's industry starved of any modern and critical technologies. There will be no impunity for these Russian crimes. And my friends, there will be no lead up in our steadfast support to Ukraine, from helping to restore power, heating and water to preparing for the long term effort of records reconstruction. And to reaffirm that support. We announced yesterday that the commission is delivering 3 billion euros of financial support. This is the first tranche of our 18 billion support package for 2023. The largest ever macro financial assistance to a third country. This is a strong message. And this will bolster Ukraine's financial stability, help to pay wages and show the running of hospitals and housing services in schools. I just want to say my dear is stolen. And I think I can speak on behalf of this whole and this audience here. We are in it for as long as it takes and stand by our Ukrainian Friends and Europe's reaction to the war is the latest example, in how our union has pulled together when it matters the most take energy. A year ago, Europe had a massive dependency on Russian fossil fuels built over decades. This made us vulnerable to supply squeezes, price hikes, and of course vulnerable to put in some market manipulation. In less than a year, Europe has overcome this dangerous dependency. We have replaced 80% of Russian pipeline gas. In parallel, we have filled our storages. Of course, we have reduced our demand by more than 20% in the period from August to November. And through collective effort, we brought down gas prices quicker than anyone expected. From its peak in August, this was 350 euros per megawatt hour. It is now European natural gas prices down dropped by 80%. By this month, that is below the levels of before the Ukraine war. Europe has once again shown the power of its collective will. Nevertheless, we should be under no illusion how difficult these periods first of pandemic, and then followed by a war are for families and for our businesses. And we will have to show the same resolve as we face up to a collision of crisis. The clouds as your global risk report sets it out. We see rising inflation making the cost of living and the cost of doing business more expensive. We see energy being used as a weapon. We see threats of trade wars and the return of confrontational geopolitics. In addition, climate change already comes with a huge cost. And we have no time to lose in the transition to a clean economy. And that's what I want to speak about. The net zero transformation is already causing huge industrial, economic, and geopolitical shifts. By far the quickest and the most pronounced in our lifetime. It is changing the nature of work. It is reshaping the nature of our industry. But we are on the brink of something far greater. Just think in less than three decades, we want to reach net zero. In less than three decades, we have to reach net zero. But the road to net zero means developing and using a whole range of new clean technologies, across our economy, in transport in buildings in manufacturing in energy. The next decades, we'll see the greatest industrial transformation of our times may be of any times and those who develop and manufacture the technology that will be the foundation of tomorrow's economy will have the greatest competitive edge. So the scale of the opportunity is clear for all to see. The International Energy Agency estimates that the market for mass manufactured clean energy tech will be worth around $650 billion a year by 2030. More than triple today's levels. To get ahead of the competition, we need to keep investing in strengthening our industrial base and making Europe more investment and innovation friendly. And that is what investors are looking closely at in the different markets for clean tech. Here in Europe. We moved first with the European Green Deal to set the path to climate neutrality by 2050. We have cast our net zero target into law to provide the predictability and the transparency business needs. We followed up With our investment firepower of next generation you that is our 800 billion investment plan, the just transition fund and other instruments across the economy. This is unprecedented investment in clean technology across all sectors of the green transition. Clean Tech is now the fastest growing investment sector in Europe, doubling its value between 2020 and 2021 alone. And the good news for the planet is that other major economies are also now stepping up. Japan's green trans green transformation plan aims to help raise up to 20 trillion yen around 140 billion euros through green transition bonds. India has put forward to production linked incentive scheme to enhance the competitiveness in sectors like solar photovoltaics and batteries. The United Kingdom, Canada, and many others have also put forward their investment plans in clean tech. And, of course, we have seen the inflation Reduction Act in the United States that 369 billion US dollars clean tech investment plan. That means that together, the European and the United States alone, are putting forward almost a trillion euros to accelerate the clean energy economy. This has the potential to massively boost the past to climate neutrality. But it is no secret that certain elements of the design of the inflation Reduction Act raise the number of concerns in terms of some of the targeted incentives for companies. So this is why we have been working with our United States friends to find solutions. For example, so that EU companies and EU made electric cars can also benefit from the inverse inflation Reduction Act. Our aim should be to avoid disruptions in Transatlantic Trade and Investment. We should ensure that our respective incentive programs are fair and mutually reinforcing. And we should also set out how we can jointly benefit from this massive investment. For example, by creating economies of scale across the Atlantic, or setting common standards. At the heart of the joint vision is our conviction that competition and trade are the key to speeding up clean tech and climate neutrality. And that means that we Europeans also need to get better at nurturing our own clean tech industry. We know that we have a small window to invest in clean energy and innovation and clean tech before the fossil fuel economy becomes obsolete. So we have an industry at the moment being challenged by the pandemic supply chain issues and price shocks. We see aggressive attempts to attract our industrial capacities away to China and elsewhere. We have a compelling need to make this netzero transition without creating new dependency. We've learned our lessons from the fossil fuels. And we know that future investment decisions will be taken now. Depending on what we do today. We Europeans have a plan A Green Deal industrial plan. Our plan to make Europe the home of clean tech and industrial innovation on the road to net zero. Our Green Deal industrial plan. We'll be covering four different pillars the regulatory environment, financing, skills, and trade. The first pillar is about speed and access. We need to create a regulatory environment that allows us to scale up fast and to create conducive conditions for sectors crucial to To reach the net zero goal that we've set ourselves. This includes, for example wind, heat pumps, solar clean hydrogen storage and other topics for which demand is boosted by our next generation EU and repower EU investments. To help make this happen, we will put forward a new net zero industry act. This will follow the same model as our chips Act. The new net zero industry act will identify clear goals for European clean tech by 2030. The aim will be to focus investment on strategic projects along the entire supply chain. We will especially look at how to simplify and fast track the permitting process for clean tech production sites. In parallel to this netzero industry act, we will reflect on how to make important projects of common European interest the famous IPC is faster to process easier to fund simpler to access for small and medium enterprises and for all our member states. The net zero industry act will go hand in hand with the critical raw materials act. For rare earths, which are vital for manufacturing key technologies, like wind power generation, hydrogen storage, you name it. Europe is today 98% dependent on one country, China or take lithium with just three countries, accounting for more than 90% of the lithium production, the entire supply chain has become incredibly tight. This has pushed up prices and threatening our competitiveness. So we need to improve the refining, processing and recycling of raw materials here in Europe. And in parallel, we will work with our trade partners to cooperate on sourcing production and processing to overcome the existing one off poly. To do this, we can build a critical raw materials club working with like minded partners from the United States, to Ukraine, to collectively strengthen supply chains and to diversify away from single monopoly. This is pillar one, speed and access to the netzero industry Act. The second pillar of the Green Deal industrial plan will boost investment and financing of clean tech production. To keep European industry attractive, there is a need to be competitive with offers and incentives that are currently available outside the European Union. This is why we will propose to temporarily adapt our state aid rules to speed up and simplify them. Easier calculation simpler procedures, accelerated approvals, for example, simple tax break models, and was targeted aid for production facilities and strategically intact value chains to counter relocation risks from foreign subsidies. But we also know that state aid will only be a limited solution which only a few member states can use. Now to avoid fragmenting of the single market. And to support the clean tech transition across the hall Julian, we must also step up EU funding for the medium term. We will prepare European sovereignty fund as part of the midterm review of our budget this year. This will provide a structural solution to boost the resources available for upstream research innovation and strategic industrial projects. But as this will take time, we will look at a bridging solution where it is most needed to provide fast and target targeted support. And to support this we are currently working hard on a needs assessment. So the second pillar is funding and state aid The third pillar of the Green Deal industrial plan will be developing the needed skills to make this transition happen. The best technology is only as good as the skilled workers who can install and operate it. And with a huge growth and new technologies, we will need a huge growth in skills and skilled workers in this sector. This will cut across all we do whether it is regulation or finance, and will be the priority of our European Year of skills. The fourth pillar will be to facilitate open and fair trade to the benefit of all. For clean tech to deliver Net Zero globally, there will be a need for strong and resilient supply chains. Our economies will rely evermore on international trade, as the transmission speeds up to open more markets, and to access the input needed for the industry. So we need an ambitious trade agenda, including by making the most for example, out of the existing trade agreements, for example, with Canada, or for example, with the United Kingdom, with which we are trying hard to sort out our difficulties. We're working on concluding agreements with Mexico, Chile, New Zealand and Australia and to make progress with India and Indonesia. And we need to restart a conversation regarding the Mercosur agreement. Because international trade is key to helping our industry cut costs, create jobs, and develop new products. But by the same token, where trade is not fair, we must respond more robustly. China has made boosting clean tech innovation and manufacturing a key priority of its five year plan that's good. It dominates global production in sectors like electric vehicles and solar panels, which are essential for the transition. But competition on net zero must be based on a level playing field. China has been openly encouraging and intense energy intensive companies in Europe and elsewhere to relocate all a part of their production. They do so with a promise of cheap energy, low labor costs and a more lenient regulatory environment. At the same time, China heavily subsidizes its industry and restricts access to its market for European Union companies. We still need to work and trade with China, especially when it comes to this transition. So we need to refocus our approach on de risking rather than decoupling. This means using all our tools to deal with unfair practices, including the new foreign subsidies regulation. And we will not hesitate to open investigations if we consider that our procurement or other markets are being distorted by such subsidies. We want to cooperate we want to work together. Climate change needs a global approach. But it has to be a fair approach and a level playing field. Ladies and gentlemen, the story of the clean tech economy is still being written. And over the years I've been coming to the voice. I've heard many times that we are on the cusp of a period of creative destruction that the economist Joseph Schumpeter spoke of his idea that innovation and new tech replaces the old leaving the old industry and jobs behind. In many ways this dynamic applies to the clean tech revolution of today and tomorrow. But I believe if you're a gets it right. The story of clean tech economy can be one of creative construction, with the right support and incentives for companies to innovate. With the right focus on skills and people with the right environment to make the most out of our world leading innovation capacity. Europe already has everything it takes talent, researchers, industrial capacity investment. And Europe has a plan for the future. And this is why I believe the story of the clean tech economy will be written in Europe. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Madam President for this clear, comprehensive, upbeat, and future oriented vision video laid out for you. We have time for just maybe one or two questions, if you agree. And when you were here last time, we stopped it to discuss the see needs to come together also for the construction of a crane. And now of course, it may be it may sound premature, but we have to prepare ourselves. Could you say some words? Absolutely. Absolutely. It is not premature. It is up and running. Since this month, we started the reconstruction platform because it includes repair and relief right now. And Ukraine needs repair and relief right now, then to go slowly, but surely into the reconstruction. And indeed, the political leadership is with g7. The motor the engine is with the Secretariat, with the European Commission in Brussels, and in Keefe together with our Ukrainian friends. And it is of utmost importance that on one hand, globally, we raise the necessary investment for reconstruction. But that on the other hand, at the same time, we do the necessary reforms to move forward. Ukraine wants to become a member of the European Union. And it is a perfect opportunity to take investment and reform to pave this way for Ukraine towards the European Union. And my call on you is we need every Helping Hand on board. Ukraine deserves to have as much support as possible. And what we need is not only investment with the public sector, but the private investment and your knowledge, you know, so much in your respective fields. So we need your knowledge. We need any to every hand on board to really move forward with repair relief at the very beginning, but also reconstruction, the people of Ukraine really deserve it. Also, like I've laid out, see a revitalization efforts for Europe. I would like to come back with maybe it's the last question to serve all Europe is playing globally. And in terms of I mean, Z, geopolitical leadership, security and values, you have touched upon some some of those points. But I know, in addition to all your different initiatives is the Global Gateway initiative. I think, since it concerns many of the partners of you, maybe you would like to say something about Global Gateway is our 300 billion investment plan for infrastructure abroad. For the next five years, there is a huge need for investment and infrastructure. And we want to be the offer as a partner, where there is the investment in the infrastructure coupled with the added value that stays locally, transparency, and reliability and predictability. And I give you some examples, what the Global Gateway investment is in for example, I've spoken about the enormous dependency of the European Union of Russian fossil fuels before Russia unleashed the war against Ukraine. The European Union was the biggest client for pipeline gas worldwide and And Russia was the biggest supplier worldwide. And this huge demand of the European Union is now completely shifted away from Russia, we have completely decoupled and diversified away. But this demand, of course, is looking for new trusted long term suppliers. And we have to be very careful that we do not create a lock in effect on fossil fuels. But that we use this opportunity to leapfrog forward into clean energy. And here comes the opportunity of Global Gateway. Our friends, for example, on the African continent, have resources for renewable energy in abundance. What is missing is the infrastructure. And therefore then we have a common interest. That Global Gateway is investing in infrastructure for green hydrogen, for example, solar panel, wind, but also other possibilities. So that this infrastructure is being built up with a common interest on both sides, that we want the added value fairly placed, and predictable. Or another example, is the topic of vaccines. We learned our lesson in the pandemic that it is not sustainable. If vaccines have to be donated, the African continent, our African friends want the technology rightly so. And therefore the mRNA technology has been brought to different countries there with private partners. Global Gateway is building up together with our African friends, manufacturing capacities for vaccines, in order to give the opportunity to have the next time that we have the need for vaccines, the technology on the African country, continent, vaccines, vaccines manufactured in Africa, for Africa, and all the possibilities that are in this new revolutionary mRNA technology. Two very recent examples that show what love Agape is all about. Madam president I in the beginning and I just said we want to have here at CES meeting. Let's do it attitude. We have some capabilities. I think your speech this morning, provided some best examples of Silla. Let's do forward looking attitude. And we have to be also clear that we have to do the necessary investments. But I just want to highlight one point. So necessary investments into skills which we need in the future. So we wish you all a really good, how should I say organize in all SOS visionary initiatives. And thank you again for joining us this morning. Thanks 

Thank you Angelica and Amen forces, musical opening of submitting your royal highnesses. Excellencies distinguished heads of state and government excellencies dear partners and friends of serval dichotomic form a very cordial welcome to CES 2023 annual meeting. We are coming together under Somoto cooperation in a fragmented world. It's the beginning of this year, we are confronted with unprecedented and multiple challenges. First, our global economy is undergoing deep transformation, see energy transmission. See consequences of COVID see reshaping of supply chains are all serving as catalytic forces for the economic transformation. And for hotspots of socio economic remodeling are high inflation, inflation, increasing interest rates and growing national debt. This is particularly hurting low and middle income groups, it is accelerating societal fragmentation. Second, the geopolitical system is also undergoing deep systemic transformation. Internationally, we are moving to what some people would call a messy patchwork of powers, superpowers, emerging powers, middle powers, regional powers, OIC states and also large corporate and social media powers all competing increasingly for power and influence as a result, so trend is again, moving towards increased fragmentation and confrontation. Certainly, our generation has reached a turning point confronted by truly existential problems, climate change, exploitation of nature, nuclear possible incidents are even worse. Extreme poverty and viruses, they all can lead to an extension extinction of large parts of our global population. And we have seen how much dealing with those risks such as COVID, of global warming, have, again, fragmented populations. And finally, the fourth industrial revolution offers us tremendous opportunities. But at the same time, technologies as computing, quantum computing and doing blockchain genetics and so on, say also could create deep societal fragmentation. We have the ability to collaboratively build a more peaceful, resilient, inclusive and sustainable world. But to do so, we need to overcome Simoes political fragmentation. And so most critical fragmentation is between those who take a constructive attitude. And so those who are just bystanders observers, and even go into such a negative, critical and confrontational attitude. But the spirit of Thomas's positive is constructive. It means investing into a greener and sell for more sustainable economy, investing into a more cohesive society by providing everyone with the appropriate skills and opportunities, investing into the heart and soft infrastructure that modern societies require. And here in Davos, it means despite also challenges, it means particularly investing in spirit and the practice of solving problems. So mutual respect and cooperation. We believe that we can do it, that through collective responsibility, innovation, human goodwill, and ingenuity. We have the capacity to turn such challenges into opportunities. They just have gentleman I have now it's a great pleasure and honor to introduce Alan Belson, president of Swiss Confederation and Federal Council for the Federal Department of Internal Affairs. Several economic form has been based in Switzerland for 53 years. And there is always this period, the cooperation between the Swiss Federal Government, the Canton of carbon, and municipality of doubles, has been such a partnership has been truly exceptional. I would like to express Mr. President, and all our Swiss hosts our sincere gratitude for their hospitality and support all over associates. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the Confederation to the president of the Swiss Confederation, Alan Belson. Excellencies ladies and gentlemen, the above is all Shabaab. The post war order is currently experiencing its greatest crisis. Russia's war of aggression on Ukraine constitutes a brutal attack on a peaceful country. But he's also a brutal attack on international law and multilateralism. The war is causing great suffering. And he's playing a decisive role on the global development of democracy. That is why the great solidarity shown by democratic countries with Ukraine is crucial solidarity with the people in the country with also with those who have fled and this aggression has come of all countries, from a member of the UN Security Council, which and I quote from the UN Charter, bears primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security. And in spite of these are know precisely because of this, Switzerland's will make every effort to again strengthen international law and multilateralism in the UN Security Council for the first time this year, and through international Geneva, receipt of one of the most important multilateral platforms. Ladies and gentlemen, excellencies. The world needs strong, multilateral platforms because the greatest present day challenges are transnational climate change and bienick. War, migration, proliferation. And this annual meeting is also an important platform for global dialogue. It is a place of optimism of can do spirits. And this is especially so in times of crisis. When I first attended the annual meeting back in 2012. The motto was the great transformation shaping new models It was a call to look to the future with optimism and to have confidence in the strength of our shared values and vision. But even at that time, even at the time with founder Klaus Schwab, warns that inclusion is critical at a time, when the number one risk to the world is rising inequality. And this warning has proven to be as accurate as it was fantasizes. For since then, inequality worldwide has continued to grow. The world inequality report 2022, which measures global wealth, income, gender, and ecological inequality comes to the conclusion that inequality today is as great as it was 20 years ago. And all the fears expressed at the 2012 Annual Meeting have come through inequality brings with it huge political and social collateral damage. And what we call populism is essentially a reaction to growing inequality. We all know that extreme inequality undermines social cohesion and creates resentments, causing us to seek scapegoats. And it is politically toxic, eating away at our faith in democracy. The number of democracies worldwide as diminished very much according to Freedom House, around 50 percents 50% of the world's population lives in democracies 30 years ago. And today, that figure is just 20 percents. And we find ourselves at the tipping points. democratic institutions are being weakened, it's it's certain places, the rule of law is under threat, even in some democratically constituted states. And rule of law is also at risk of eroding in the international system. Business as usual, is no longer an option. We must take steps to defend steadfastly the foundations that are a condition for civilized coexistence. Excellencies ladies and gentlemen, we have given much forth also here the annual meeting to efficiency and prosperity. But to return to social fairness. What applies in the domestic politics of most countries also applies in relations between states, and here to inequality is growing at an alarming rates. And already, fragile states are further weakness, first, by climate change, and the pandemic and then by the war in Ukraine. We're on three hundreds 50 million people in 82 countries are currently at acute risk of hunger, according to the UN World Food Programme. That's 200 million more than before the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. In large parts of Africa, the consequences are dramatic. Before the world, 90 persons of grain supplied to Eritrea and Somalia came from Russia and Ukraine. And a sharp rise in the price of fertilizer and oil have a huge impacts on the continents poorest countries weakening them further still. The COVID pandemic also hit already fragile, fragile states hardest inequality increase significantly. And what is particularly difficult to accept is that prior to 2020 African countries were among the fastest growing in the worlds Yes, excellencies. Ladies and gentlemen, many countries in Africa, just as many parts of the world have been weakened by the cerebral war and seeing their ambition reduced, but that does not diminish the importance of these countries. It does, however, require a rethink. It needs an active global partnership, a partnership that recognizes the enormous potential of countries in Africa and strengthens you On rights and democracy, a partnership that addresses humanitarian needs as well as supports economic opportunities, and innovation. inequalities are not eliminated by charity. They, for example, have COVID-19 vaccines. promises were made to have fragile countries, Switzerland to lend its financial and political support to the Kovacs initiative of the World Health Organization, which wanted to achieve equitable access to vaccines worldwide. But when it came to distributing vaccines, there was little evidence of that kind of partnership. In light of the pandemic and the war in Ukraine, we have seen that the risk of fragility is no longer a one way streets. The problems experienced by fragile states do not remain within their own borders. They are always exported to neighboring countries, but also to far flung regions in the form of migration, corruption, terrorism. And we must do all we can to support fragile states otherwise, there is becoming failed states. And that is why Switzerland will work systematically on behalf of the most vulnerable, in particular to protect the civilian population and improve food security. Ladies and gentlemen, excellencies Frage fragility poses a threats to all of us. That is true domestically, but it is also true internationally, say self interests and supporting those weaker than ourselves. We have long considered these to be two different things. But now we know they are one and they are the same. Thank you very much. 

This is day one from Davos. This year I am shocked at how diverse the buildings are. There are four buildings that belong to India one that belongs to the Emirates, another for Indonesia, another for Poland, another for South Africa. This is the beautiful thing about Davos is that it's not just Europe. It's not just America. That's part of the global conversation. Everybody is here to participate on politics, economy, climate change, things that matter for everybody around the world. So the next time you think of Davos, don't just think Europe think the world 

Excellencies ladies and gentlemen, warm welcome to Prime Minister Sanchez. I see a lot of other European leaders here to wanting to hear the message from Prime Minister Sanchez, this is your fourth time or really your fifth time in Davos, if you also include the digital, that will send it's always a great pleasure to welcome you back. Prime Minister. I think throughout your term of office, you have always underlined the importance of EU matters and European corporations. And I think that has yielded clear results for Spain and Spain has become even more an indispensable voice in European affairs and standing up for European values. In an era of deep polarization. We gathered here that the most challenging geopolitical and geo economic backdrop for decades, but there is also hope and silver linings, I think your garment has shown that it's possible to revive growth, even in challenging times and with reforms. And you've been putting Spain at the forefront of the twin transition, leading the country's digital transformation and steering it towards a more ecological, sensible future. So also in our reports, this is very much on the line. So Prime Minister, but look forward to continuing the debate and look forward to hear your message. And we're so happy to see you back physically, here in Davos. So, as the Prime Minister. Thank you. Thank you, Butch. And good afternoon, everyone. Coming back to Davos is a sign of a much longed for return to normalcy as are the unmask the faces that I can see in the audience. Yet, today does not feel normal. At all, does it? The world is trembling, many of the certainties that we had just three years ago have now vanished. And the new ones that are supposed to replace them have not emerged yet. Many citizens feel that something has broken and that the world is heading down a dark path. There should be no doubt that Putin is the main culprit of this terrible detour. He attacked the rules based international order when the world was at such a low point in the midst of a terrible pandemic, an act of cruelty that speaks only to his own weakness. But perhaps, perhaps we should put him aside for a moment and ask ourselves, what about us? Haven't we also made mistakes? Are we doing everything that we can to protect that international order based on openness, rules and collaboration that Putin is trying to undermine and destroy? Many international alliances have indeed is strengthening after a COVID and the invasion of Ukraine, particularly in the realm of defense. But are we not only seeing borders become more closed to both people and goats, and support for many multilateral organizations? Are we doing? Are we doing enough to fight inequality and social injustice and to prevent further autocratic leaders like Putin from emerging? And what is equally important? Are we doing everything in our hands to tackle climate change? Or are we using this crisis again, as an excuse to slow down the green transition? I believe this to be the right moment and the right place to ask ourselves these questions and to realize that if the answer is no to any of them, then it means that we need to wake up. Because there is much at stake much more than the performance of our economies on the next quarter hour our present struggle needs not only against booting or the energy shortage. It is also against fear, mistrust, selfishness, xenophobia and environmental disaster. And its outcome will define life in the west and beyond for decades to come. That is why I think that we should do more we do should we, we should do more that we should use this opportunity to remake and strengthen our international sector to redouble our commitment to our liberal and democratic values, and to craft new rules and new leadership that will allow us to effectively overcome the great challenges of our time, such as climate change. And as I say earlier, inequality, if not now, when, if not us who? Since I am giving a speech, the only thing I can offer are words, but words can become something powerful. They can become promises. And here's mine, my country, Spain, will step up to the challenge. My country, my government, will be standing at the frontline with those nations committed to fight for a world driven by social collaboration and environmental responsibility and not by fragmentation and sorters. Ms. And Spain will do this by actively engaging in the four main threats that the world is currently facing. The first, the pandemic, which unfortunately is not over yet, is Spain is the fifth country in the world that has donated more COVID vaccines, more than 70 70 million doses. And, and we will keep doing so until countries in the Global South have the same access as those in the north. Second, we will continue to help Ukraine in its struggle for freedom. Last year, this pain, created the largest humanitarian aid package in its history for the Ukrainian people provided military support worth more than 300 million euros and received more than 150,000 Ukrainian refugees. And the support will not stop until put him with routes. His troops and Ukraine become once again the independent and prosperous country that once was. So President Solinsky we have your back. Third, international threat in which Spain will keep its commitment, the energy crisis. Last year, my country voluntarily reduce its electricity consumption by 7.5% compared to our historic average, and its consumption of natural gas by 23%. And we have contributed to the European security of supply by increasing exports of electricity and gas to the European Union to the limit of our capacity. We did so by doubling our imports of natural gas from overseas, and also by increasing our production of solar energy by 330 3% Compared to the previous year, which makes us the fifth country in the world in wind energy production and the eighth in renewable energy generation. Now, we will continue to support our European allies. And we will do so by fostering greater interconnectivity fair regulations and clean energy. So this crisis serves to accelerate the green sensation and not to delay it. In 2023, we will continue increasing our renewable energy production capacity in a significant way. And we will move forward in the construction of this first green hydrogen gas pipeline in the Mediterranean from Barcelona to Mercy. And we will start building two mega plants of green methanol that will create up to 85,000 jobs and full the future vessels of the largest shipping company in the planet. So I believe that Spain has outstanding conditions for the development of this kind of energy. That is why we already host 20% of all green hydrogen projects worldwide. Finally, we will also increase our commitment to food security. As you know, they will face a global hunger crisis of an unprecedent proportions. In just in just two years, the number of people suffering from in or leaving at the brink of it has increased from 135 million in 53 countries to 345 million in 82 countries. And in many developed developing countries, people are close to starvation due to shortage. And in many developed ones. Many people are struggling to put good food on their table due to escalating prices. So we need to act. Despite its size. Spain is one of the largest food producing countries in the world, and the first organic producer in the European Union. As such, we will continue to support the food supply chain, we will increase our agricultural production in balance with the environmental sustainability. And we will foster the development of modern agriculture in developing countries through a number of public and private cooperation projects. But, of course, there is more we can do. Dear colleagues, the best way to make sure that Putin and his allies don't succeed in their attempt to destroy the liberal rules and principles that have driven the international order, since the end of the Cold War, is to redouble our support to those very rules and principles. Not only with words, but with actions. That is why Spain has and will continue to increase its support to multilateralism. In times of uncertainty and difficulty, like the one we are living in countries tend to close themselves to build walls and cut ties from the rest of the world leader they hope that isolation will protect them. But it never does. It only makes them weaker. I am certain that the best way to protect Spain and Spanish citizens is to protect the rest of the world's population. That global problems can only be solved with global responses. And for this reason, since I became president, Spanish development aid has doubled from 2.2 billion euros per year to 4.4 billion euros per year. And in the future, it will continue to do so to Spain will go on to support developing countries and multilateral organizations with even greater strength and conviction than it did before. Since now, they are more necessary than ever. And let me let me say that this is not only what my government wants, this is what the Spanish citizens demand, not in vain. According to the latest surveys. They are the most committed citizens in Europe to solidarity among nations. And for the same reasons we will also continue to advocate for an open and interconnected economy. It is clear that we need to rethink global trade and supply change. Recent events have reminded us the production costs to that production code sorry should not be the only criteria considered by when deciding where to locate production change. There are other such as security and environmental sustainability. And I believe that Europe must recover certain strategic capabilities that it shouldn't have lost in the first place. capabilities in key industries such as defense, health, energy, or food. And for these reasons, this will be one of the main priorities of the Spanish Presidency of the Council of the European Union, which will take place during the second half of this year. But for Spain, ensuring Europe's strategic autonomy does not mean fostering a return to a kind of outer key or nationalism or economic fragmentation of the country. Spain is the 16th largest trading nation in the world, and the second most visited, our country has prospered by opening up and that is what we will continue to do in the future. While we advocate at the same time for our new European Union more connected with the rest of the world, particularly with our friends in Latin America, it seems that 2023 won't be a good idea A year for the global economy. It will be marked by uncertainty caused by the war, high inflation and the stagnation of some of its largest nations. But Spain will inevitably suffer some of the effects of this context. But it is also showing magnificent signs of resilience and strength. And this is what I want to share also with you. Because at this moment, Spain has the highest employment level of its history. It continues to grow above the average of the Eurozone, and it registers the lowest inflation rate of the European Union. In fact, all the international organizations agree that Spain we will be one will be one sorry of the Western economies that will better navigate this period of uncertainty and economic slowdown. And they predict that it will continue to grow and advance in the path of convergence and progress along which it has been advancing for the last 30 years. We have a first class network of physical and digital infrastructures, a well trained and highly educated workforce, a dynamic concatenates, private sector, and institutional stability. And we also have a plan of structural reforms and the way that has already invested more than 43 billion euros from the next generation European funds the global economy needs. Today more than ever, reliable partners that can be trust, and Spain will be one of them. supporting economic openness and multilateralism will be crucial to protect the global order that Putin is trying to destroy. But there's one more crucial thing that needs to be done. We have to fight the roads and seats that Putin has planted in our own countries. Let's not forget that Russian autoCrat is not all alone in his reactionary aspiration of fracturing the world and turning back the clock. He has some allies in Europe. Now they are they hide their sympathies and connections with Putin, but just some years ago, they were visiting him and praising His ways. So we must prevent these political forces from reaching the institutions and destroying the European Union from the inside. Because the threat is very real, especially in those countries where these far right forces have the support of mainstream conservative parties, which are opening the doors of governments. So we will pay them back with the same determination and conviction that the Ukrainians are fighting the Russian forces. But of course, with different weapons, our weapons will be democracy, transparency, and effective policies. And for me, this is the last point. And this point is crucial, because it's time to deliver. In most Western countries, inequality is rising and social mobility has a stout our citizens are losing purchasing power. They are struggling to find a decent job to buy a proper house to provide good education for their kids. To many of them, it is impossible to save for a well deserved vacation, let alone to have a decent retirement or a private health insurance. Meanwhile, the number of billionaires keeps growing. And large multinational companies keep increasing their benefits even at the backs of orders. How can we ask our citizens to put up with inflation a little longer, when some big companies paid zero taxes, thanks to the fiscal Paradise, and the holes in the international regulations that we allow to exist. And I'm asking you, global elites to help us change the situation. 100 years ago, when the world was still ruled by all aristocracies it would have been naive and pointless to do so. But things have changed. Today, many of you come from working and middle class backgrounds. You are leaders that have been democratically elected by your citizens, business people that made your own fortune through hard work. And that is why you know that the system is not fair. That is filled with injustice and inequality that it is time to fix it. It is time that our economy and policies Focus a game in what really matters, the well being of the people. Because if they cannot deliver that, what's the point of protecting them? My government is committed to this goal boards. Over the past 10 months, we have devoted more than 45 billion euros of public funds. To help citizens companies deal with the inflationary wave and the energy crisis. We have mobilized all the financial and Greevil legal resources of the state to protect them by cutting taxes, fostering free public transport, providing direct aid to SMEs and households, industries, and acting on the electricity and the housing markets. These measures have helped us to reduce inflation by five points in five months. And to make this crisis a bit more bearable to many. Thus, we will continue to help to hold and expand them until prices moderate, and decent life becomes affordable again. So my dear colleagues, the world is facing a major Pearl, whose threat goes beyond the Russian gas supply or the fate of Ukraine, we all must act to the limit of our capacity limits, that should not be determined by the scale of our GDP or by all rules that we never approved, it should be set by the needs and rights of our citizens, their welfare should be the measure of our success. So let's deliver. Thank you. Prime Minister, thank you for that. Very interesting overview. And congratulations also, on the good economic results. In Spain. That's not the case all over the world. As you've seen IMF and the World Bank, do fair that 1/3 of the world can go into a recession, but listening to you on the transition that Spain has been going through the labor reforms, but also some old otter economic reforms has led no to one of the strongest growth in Europe. You're the 16th largest exporter in the world are other things in the reform agenda that can be applicable also for other nations where they can learn because sometimes, of course, you also heard that the reforms can then make the country less competitive, but what you have shown by some of these reforms, that it has led to growth and more people employed so well, thank you. Thank you butcher. Well, I this most of these reforms, 180 reforms that we have delivered so far, during these last three years, by the way, with a coalition government with minority support in the Parliament, which is something I think remarkable for, I mean, the outcome of the same coalition government, the first experience at the central level, in our democratic history, the recent Democratic history, I mean, but Well, both of these reforms have been agreed with the European Commission has been for many years, included in what the commission calls the or name, the country specific recommendation. So, you know, it is important that these reforms are delivered, but is also very important. These reforms are delivered with the social recognition and the social agreements of the key actors. So for instance, the labor reform, we delivered with the agreement of the Business Administration and the trade union, which it never happened over the last 40 years, like squaring a circle. Exactly. Yes. And, and we are also doing that in other important reforms, such as the education reform or the vocational training reform, and recently, the university reform that we are about to end before the national parliament. Because I looked at the unemployment numbers they don't quite considerably down. A lot of more people employed is the youth unemployment challenge that you were faced with some years ago. Would you say that it's sold or is it no on the European level because it used to be much higher it is not sold yet. Of course, we if we compare it Our unemployment rates with the rest of the European Union, of course, is high. So it's still unacceptable. But we are on the way to resolve one of our structural problems, which is youth unemployment. But it's not only important. Indeed it is, you know, the that we are creating jobs and is also the quality of those jobs. One figure that, to me was very, very interesting is that, since we implement policies that moved workers from the shadow economy to formal economy, we have reduced by half a million, the structural unemployment in Spain in just less than two years. And these kinds of reforms together, or along with the labor reform and other reforms that are we are, you know, approving, such as the educational system, the vocational training system, the university system, or the science law, or the startup law, to attract and retain talent. I think that we are modernizing the Spanish economy in a way that perhaps didn't happen in the last 20 to 30 years. You're moving up in the value chain, I just saw that you have increased the people on permanent contracts in the labor market that 200%. So what you're saying is that, if you want to hire people, you should also be in a situation where you're so profitable, that you can pay people decent salaries and have have contracts, one of our major lags and problems, of course, is always productivity, labor productivity, and this also has been linked to temporary and procurements in our country. So that is why I think it's important this change, as well as delivering on gender equality, regarding salaries and working conditions. Minimum wage, as you mentioned before, and of course, recognizing labor rights for workers in the digital platforms. We were the we were pioneers in this kind of debate within the European Union. I also heard the prime minister said that you're still concerned with populist movements in Europe, you mentioned that they're still key players that don't necessarily stick to what is at the core of the values you are complying with and what would you what would you are sticking to we had elections in France, we had elections in Italy. Juice, do you think this trend has turned due to what we've seen unfolding in your print now? Or, or or we should not be complacent about this? I think that we cannot be complacent about it. I think that the main risk is that conservative parties open the doors of governments to these far right parties. And this is something something that goes against the European Union, any examples you would like to share with us? Well. What I think it's important to, to, to keep the unity, I think the biggest lesson that we can take from first the pandemic and how this terrible war in Ukraine and its implication for the European Union as a whole is the importance of unity. And unity is not only award in order to react to things that happens abroad, but unity also in a way to face common challenges. So for instance, energy, this energy crisis cannot be used by some to slow down their climate, the climate commitments are to align our responses to this biggest challenge, which is climate change. And this is what we're doing in Spain. We've been, as you know, quite well, very vocal since the beginning of the world even before asking the commission to reform and it was a matter of debate last year in Davos, with the committee with Timmermans. Commissioner Timmermans to reform the electricity market. We came out with this Iberia solution that allows us to reduce inflation in the Iberian Peninsula. But we also table this idea of central puchase. of gas to use our purchase power. Or, of course, you know, trying, as we proposed to the rest of Member States and the European Commission to the couple gas prices from electricity prices. This is the way that we can defend, of course, our households, SMEs and industries, and of course, competitiveness. It was really interested in the remarks made by Ursula von der Leyen, the President of the Commission, I completely aligned with her view this morning this morning, I think it's important that we take seriously what Biden administration is doing with this inflation Reduction Act, I think that Europe must react and do some homework, review our state rules, aid to renew our industrial policy. And for that, I think it's going to be crucial. At this point, especially in the second semester of the year, we will be very focused on the openness, strategic autonomy, because industry policies obviously back in the sense that, of course, is a positive thing, I guess that the US is now also trying to take the lead on the decarbonisation. I think the challenge is probably that 300 million, billion sorry, 300 billion US dollars. Two sectors that want to develop this can also be so attractive, that it attracts investments to the US that could have been in Europe. But what is the then the European response? Is it then to match that? Or is it to say that this is state subsidies? So we need we need to negotiate and to reach an agreement with the US administration. Because politically, I think it's important that after especially the war, Western countries, Western allies, transatlantic relation, get closer, and we don't split and divide ourselves. Second, because I think that it's important that that, that Europe review, its internal industrial policies, competition policy, or, as I said earlier, the state aid rules that, in a way, doesn't fit to the new reality, especially after the pandemic and the war. So, you know, I think that it's important to reach that agreement with the US administration to get closer, this transatlantic relation. But on the other hand, there are some homework to do. And we already sent our proposals to the Commission regarding the electric market regarding the review of the state aid rules, and we will do as we have been doing, over the last few years being constructive, proposing different measures that at the end of the day, what what we want to reach is a stronger Europe, and a much more integrated Europe, because at the end of the day, these are common challenges that need common responses, because you also mentioned the importance of this strategic autonomy. But coming back to the to the US IRI a plan that's also passed by the Congress. So maybe it's hard to see that the administration can walk back on some of this, but it's, of course, it's money that is put out there for semiconductors developments, carbon capture and storage, it's about hydrogen and etc. So what you're saying is that Europe can always match that with industry policy, if there is a political will. So take that into consideration this figure, only 10% of the chips produced worldwide, are produced in Europe. So we need to take some lessons from the past mistakes that we committed, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, and to develop this idea of an open and I remark open a strategic autonomy because we need that defense health food or this new industry of chips and semiconductors because when you speak with the CEOs of these global companies, what they tell you is that there is an expectation of doubling the demand. I have semiconductors and chips, also in Europe. So I think that it's crucial for all of us to have this new industrial policy and to, to develop this idea of the strategic autonomy. And by the way, I think it's also very important for Europe to look abroad. And to focus, of course, and keep this unity, along with the US administration, but also why not with Africa and Latin America, and this is, this is going to be one of my goals, to have this bilateral summit together with Latin American and Caribbean countries, and also with the self in neighborhood countries in the Mediterranean. And of course, since the President of Serbia is here, a good friend, and we will also host them convene in Granada. this very important meeting of the European political community, which I think is a very good idea to, to share strategies, reflections and to create synergies among different European countries. So, you know, I think that Europe has a lot of opportunities in this very difficult moment. But we need to be ambitious. And we need to, to, as I say, earlier, to wake up and deliver. Now I see President Aleksander, which is listening very carefully. It's a good first row now. Thank you very much, Prime Minister, I would have liked the conversation to continue. No, my colleagues are sending ovo that it has to come to an end and usually always end when people still want it to continue. But I think we're still there. Answers. Very, very thoughtful. Thank you for your leadership and very privileged to have you back in. Thank you, Prime Minister 

Good afternoon. Welcome to this incredibly important panel. It is really about how we can avoid the deep recession and how we can build a recovery and the role of trade and investments. In this. We know that during the three last decades, we have tripled the global GDP. And trade has been an important factor in this. How will this look moving forward? Can we still rely on trade and investments being part of the solution? Or will we have to rethink globalization and the growth factors? We have an amazing panel to deal with this topics, starting with Dr. Anglesey, the head of WTO. We all know Dr. Ron Gill say, we have Prime Minister of Belgium, Alexander De Croo. They have also Larry Fink, Chairman and CEO of Blackrock largest investment company in the world. And then we have Robert havoc, we all know also Minister habeck. He is minister for among other things, also trade and economy and energy from Germany. So, Dr. Anglesey, we have all seen numbers coming out that maybe 1/3 of the world will be in recession this year. We also know that many leaders are thinking true now, how could the growth agenda look? Because it's not a priori given that there will be recession that could also be a very shallow one, we can also avoid it. So we are all thinking what, how to create growth. And for those that heard also, Vice Premier Li Hua, a few minutes ago, where he said without growth, no growth is like a river without water. And he also said that, or is like a tree without roots if you don't trade with each other. So Dr. Anglos say, what's your recipe? I agree. I don't have a recipe. But let me say this, of course, we can all participate in the doom and gloom. And you know, when we look at the projections that we have for 2023, we are projecting a 1% growth in volume of merchandise trade compared to 3.5%. Last year, but it's not the number that that is a problem is the uncertainty around the estimates, depending on what happens with the war in Ukraine, how we come out of China's pandemic, etc, etc, we could, you know, even see a contraction or if we have a soft landing, from the macroeconomic from the monetary policy. Management, if we have interest rates that they are not going up so much. We have inflation coming down, we have a soft landing there, we have the war in Ukraine. If things work out well, we could see a situation in which trade grows even more. So we shouldn't forget that there is an upside. So that's the first point I want to make. I think the second point I want to make is that we should not the one thing we cannot do if we want growth is to talk about fragmentation decoupling, because there are serious costs today. So I always say that talk is cheap. But when we look at the simulations we've done at the WTO, if the world were to decouple into two trading bloc's, it would cost 5% Decrease in global GDP over the longer term. That's huge. That's more than what we lost in the financial crisis. So unfold emerging markets and developing countries it would be even worse like 12% double digit losses. So we should this is one way. One thing we cannot do if we want to talk about growth. Now, if we, what can we do in order to re start the growth to recover? We have to strengthen multilateralism. We have to strengthen cooperation. We have to look at those parts of trade that are growing, and those are the UN encouraged services. Trade is the future. digitally delivered services are growing is growing in leaps and bounds. In 2005. It was about $1,000,000,000,000.09 2021 It's about 3.5 trillion. Now That's the wave of the future. So there is some optimism, some upside. And I think that trade can contribute substantially to growth. The second thing I want to say a third thing is people are talking about the globalization and the end of globalization. One, let's not forget, globalization had its problems, but it did lift more than a billion people out of poverty, to, we need a new type of globalization, not the old type, what we are calling re globalization at the WTO that seeks to take advantage of the opportunities that we've seen and the vulnerability of supply chains, to when you're building resilience, use this to bring in those who were at the margins of the global value chains, those countries and those peoples decentralized and diversify your supply chains to these areas. And this is another way you can grow these economies and grow trade and grow the world. Let me leave it there for now. Thank you. Based on, she deserves an applause. I agree. Don't be shy. Larry Fink. You heard what Dr. endorses said that further fragmentation of the global economy will come at the price. How do you see the role of private sector in creating and being part of growth model and or a growth compound? Moving forward? How do you see a trade and investments being a part of that? Well, let me just add to what one comment about the fragmentation. Fragmentation is also occurring. Because now we are hearing in every country, the concept of national security, whether it's national security for CHIP, national security for energy, I mean, that that phrase is being abused repeatedly, obviously, for reasons, you know, the war in Ukraine. But fragmentation is one of the causes of inflation. Because when you overlay something more important than price, something called national security, you're, you know, you're willing to substitute or sacrifice price. And that is one of the causes of the inflation that we have. So fragmentation, maybe a good outcome if you're just focusing on national security and various forms. But if we want to have a world where we are lifting more human beings, we want to have a world that where price stability is more important than we are going to have to be working in a more globalized world. Globalization is changing, it has not ended as being reevaluated reimagined. One part is we are seeing, you know, one thing we learned during COVID. One thing we learned during COVID was the resilient supply chains didn't work. And so now, the idea with most corporations is creating resiliency, okay? Resiliency means more inflation, it resiliency means duplication. Now, on the backside of that it's gonna be deflationary when we when we create multiple, you know, multiple factories worldwide, but we're in this transition now. And I think we're losing sight that transitions are painful. But generally, the outcome, the back end of a transition has to be very good. So I'm still reputed to be quite optimistic about trade, quite optimistic about the role of the private sector and, and indeed, the private sector probably is going to have to play a bigger role in trades at any other time. The reason why we cannot depend on Central Bank behaviors, you know, for 10 years, we've had central banks that have been very accommodative. We had central banks providing liquidity through quantitative easing. And now central banks are now doing quantitative tightening. So we're seeing less liquidity. We're seeing central banks raising rates as a result of all this inflation. And I think the what we learned and watching in September, what the UK did, there's going to be less fiscal stimulus going on. And as a result of that, I do believe that the need for governments, especially here in Europe, and in the United States, for governance, be working closer with business to find solutions. So in trade, there's going to be many avenues where the private sector is going to be looking to put money to work whether it's whether it is in infrastructure on a global scale, whether it is in decarbonisation technology as we try to as we try To get energy security, but in other forms than just hydrocarbons. And so the private sector is has large pools of money right now. I mean, at BlackRock, our example the amount of flows of capital that we saw last year, we're we're the second highest ever for us. So capital wants to find a home capital wants to find a home where they can feel comfortable, that that return over a period of time is going to be achieved. And so let's be clear, I believe there's a greater need for governments to be working with private sector, especially in the areas of infrastructure, decarbonisation, because on the back of less fiscal flexibility, the need for private capital is greater than ever before. And the private capital is there as long as they believe over the horizon of the investment. The returns can be achieved. They're fair and just for the for the investors. And so I'm quite optimistic on the concept of working closer with more governments worldwide, both developed and developing countries to find solutions in those areas. No, thank you very much. And I think there is a lot of money in the US now for decarbonisation, and infrastructure. I think there's a couple of trillions that your government has put on the table. I am. I am very optimistic on the US in its decarbonisation process. The IRA is a is a transformational bill that really lists returns and all the forms of decarbonisation. We are witnessing and having conversations with companies worldwide. We're looking to build additional factories within the United States. And now what are we getting back to world trade, we need to find ways to cooperate the United States with Europe with Asia, on this process on this pathway. I'm tempted to go to you, Minister hubback, what you heard, Larry Fink now saying about also the huge investment that this IRA is going to lead to in decarbonisation, new renewables. This is something that I think you also personally have been underlining the importance of for decades. Are you afraid that Europe can lose out? Or what is the steps for Europe? And to make sure that it's not only the G two in this market, China and the US? No, no, I'm not afraid that you will pull us lose the competition. But the competition it is to be quite honest, and very just mentioned, additional factories will be built. If it would be additional factories, they'll be great, of course, and better decarbonized, green factories in any, any form than fossil fuel factories for the next three, four or five decades. The concern, the European concern is that due to some regulations inside the IRA, it wouldn't be additional factories, but the plans for for investments in Europe will be sucked away. And this brings me back to the trade question. If I may, I would divide two lines of arguments. The first one is do we need more global trade? Just cheer global trade? Yes, absolutely. And I can remember last year when I was in divorce, or it wasn't last year, it was last year, but it was in May. I was always asked when is Germany going to sign or ratified the CETA agreement and all the other things. And we did so and we achieved it by changing the trade agent agency in Germany and in Europe, the agenda. And we now include climate issues and social issues, in our view on trade. So the old world if I can say so was free trade a super, there was one part of this assignment. All the guys gathering in Davos, who said, Yeah, this is the way forward. And others you know, I'm from the Green Party, were a little bit more skeptical and say, you exclude everything that is that is going in the direction of sustainability. But these are not obstacles of trade. These are rights people voted and fight for. So you have to include that. And this is this is I think the future of trade. This is what Mozilla underlined said and I think this is what the global agreement is. So if we, if we can concentrate on this, we can foster the trade worldwide once again on another level. And it's fine that you are nodding, because this is always bilateral agreements. Mostly it will be and the second issue I would like to make is that I see decoupling, and this is threatening, because we have we we have to, we are seeing a decoupling of economic growth and markets driven economies and democracies. So I think we have to understand and to learn. From my perspective, it is impossible to have an open liberal democracy without a market driven economy. But surely you can have a market driven economy without democracy, there is a decoupling, and this brings me to WTO to the UN to all the multilateral organizations, we can surely find ways of better, fairer, more sustainable trade agreements, and we can foster this, but we need grounds for debate what the global rules also values values are, and this is this is multilateral can only be multilateral. And to solve all the problems. The global risk report mentioned, pandemic climate crisis, social crisis, we need global collaboration. So, yes to bilateral trade agreements. But in the end, we need, we have to stick to the idea of multilateral institutions. Thank you. One thing that also, Larry Fink mentioned, to your Prime Minister for the crew was, at least indirectly this notion of French shoring. So the depart the coupling means that you are then buying from countries that you are allied with. So for example, so manufacturing is moving from China to Mexico, and then us is happy to buy this security element No. Now in trade, how do you look at that? And how to make sure that that doesn't become so big, that it has real negative impact on global growth? Because trade has also had the mission of exporting deflation. Example China has exported so much deflation. And when will they see that again? So what what are the balancing acts here on nearshoring, French shoring, but at the same time, they'll be losing the baby with the bathwater? Well, I think that we've seen it over the last years. What happens if trade is being made difficult. Look at the amount of instability in the world it has led me in during COVID, we had moments where the trade lanes were less, less open. And it's led to all types of problems, supply chains are disorganized, and all the Western world was impacted. But especially in the developing world, the impact was, was a gigantic one. So free trade is an element about prosperity. But it's also about security, because the gigantic instability in the world today. One of the reasons is that trade is being being made, being made difficult. And that's one. That's one important element. The second element is that this trade agenda, it's about stabilizing the world. But it's also about decarbonizing the world. And there. Honestly, I think the world can only be happy with the fact that United States has moved to the right sides of the table. And we've been waiting for that. And I know that in Europe, some people are criticizing IRA. And there are elements where we should talk, we should talk on certain elements, which might look a bit unfair. But on a global skiing global scheme, we can only be happy with IRA because finally, the number one economic powerhouse in the world, says decarbonizing is part of our trade agenda. So, welcome on our side. Let's work together. And let's see how we can make this how we can make this work. But just a short question there. If you then see European companies moving to the US, because they say that they have better. It's lower taxes, there's more incentives available. What what what is your response? Well, I think the response should be our own scheme. We should make our own scheme and it should not be copying what IRA is doing. I mean, we have our own advantages. And we should play on our own advantages. If you look at the technological side, in hydrogen and offshore wind, and so on, actually, Europe is leading in these domains compared to the United States, because we've invested in them much, much earlier. So we should come with our own scheme, which is more tailored to what our strengths are, and I don't think it's actually complimentary to what the United States is doing. And it should be an answer to the forces that you see within Europe today, which are forces Would you demand for derogations on the state aid rules? And that's that is a risk. I mean, the European Union works well, because it is one common market, where a gigantic market such as Germany works perfectly together with a smaller market like Belgium. Because it's one common market with common with common rules, the answer can never be that we are going to loosen the state aid rules, because then it becomes the race of the deepest pockets. And by definition, Germany has deeper pockets than Belgium. That's not the game what we might get into that should never been answered, the answer should be and I think President of the Commission from the rain gave some heads this morning here in Davos on what this scheme should, should should look at. To conclude the answer is not less trade. And the answer is not less investments. The answer is more trade than is more investment, but also better. And that's the key component. It's better trade and better investments and schemes such as Ra, IRA, and European scheme should be right answer to that. Thank you. I see. You're reflecting a lot. Dr. Anglesey, I, what? Are you hearing the same as me that industry policy is back? Because what we're talking about here is the traditional tools of then incentivizing behavior that you want and you you use, then governmental funding for that would be great to hear your reflection on this because our border lines between state subsidies and r&d and incentivizing where where do we stand now is the US and Europe inspired by some other big economies and vice versa? First question, was also mentioned with multilateralism and WTO. Is role here? Isn't it the great paradox that if you were to export green technology, you probably would have to pay more in VAT and tariffs, I mean, tariffs and etc. Then if you want to export technology related to coal, is that something you can fix if the countries want to support you at the WTO? Because as Mr. Harbach said, trade cannot only be about trade, it also has to be about inclusion, the green transition and make that part of the agenda. Well, thank you. I mean, this is not an easy question. I always say that the future of trade is surfaces is digital, it's green, and it should be inclusive. That's the future of trade. So if the future of trade is green, you can only you have to when countries are members take steps to try to see how to decarbonize to get to net zero by 2050. I think you can only be supportive all of us as supportive of that objective, and trade should certainly be part of it. I think that the challenge comes with how, and one has to tread very delicately here, certainly is the balance that you talked about. What one does not want is if we are going back to industrial policy, quote unquote, we should not see a race a subsidization race. So are we there today? Well, I were watching were there and hoping that that's not really where we are. So how we manage that there, it's very important to give incentives to decarbonize to in to work with, with the private sector, as Larry said, research and innovation, to encourage dissemination of technology all around the world, because we're all in this together. So all that is good. So it's a question of where did the subsidies go? How do they encourage everyone to be part of it? And what's the balance? Because if if it's a race, that you know that of course, emerging markets, and developing countries will not be able to compete in such a subsidy, race, so I'm hoping that what we're seeing is going to be a balanced and nuanced approach to decarbonizing and not not a not something else. Thank you. I'm looking at you. Larry, maybe you can comment on what Dr. endorses said just about the industry policies and the fine line there. And secondly, if you could also elaborate on the front shoring piece. How far do you think the US as the world's largest economy is 25 years 10th of the global GDP and 5% of the global population still so is a very, very important part of our economy. How far will the US go to fracturing? Is it 10%, that of national security is that we can continue to trade for 90 to 90% As usual, then I don't think we'll have that much impact. But if we increase that to 30 40%, then I think we might, can argue that we're shaving off a lot of growth. And I also comment on French or enough that Larry does, yes, of course. And then the two other gentlemen also wanted, I'm not sure it's just French shoring, I think it's, I think the dynamics of trade is evolving. It's evolving, to have your manufacturing closer to your demand. I think that is one of the major components as you start thinking about more resilient, more redundant supply chains. The time and distance of, of manufacturing to the destination is, is now becoming a bigger issue. The dependency on a few ports, has proven to be not a good outcome. And so when we think about Mexico specifically, you know, Mexico's advantage is that it has lower wages in China. And as an educated workforce, it has a pro business engagement at the moment. You can transport goods via train into the United States. And so all those elements is not just friend shoring. It is just the dynamism of trade. And I think this is going to occur more and more, Mexico is not going to be the sole beneficiary of that change. I think Eastern Europe is going to be a beneficiary. I think Turkey is going to be a beneficiary. Unquestionably Indonesia, you know, in Southeast Asia, will be beneficiaries of the new design of trade. So I don't I don't look at it as just, I wouldn't even call it friends shoring as much. I mean, you know, I think the resiliency of the United States having two oceans having two allies, is a strong geopolitical advantage having Canada and Mexico. So, but I think more South America can be a beneficiary of this concept, especially Brazil. So I don't, I don't I think that's just a natural phenomenon that's occurring. And I don't think we're, we're biasing because we want to have a friend, I think it's always good to have closer out doing your trade with closer ally. So let's be clear, I think that is a good outcome in any any circumstances. But look, I think private capital, seeks the highest and fairest return. And so, you know, as long as we are living under the laws of the world, the laws of you know, where, where the money is, is being created from him. And you know, all the money that Blackrock manages none of it's our money. And so we have to be responsible. And as a fiduciary making sure if we're investing for a pension fund from Germany, or a pension from from Belgium, or a pension from the from the United States, we have a responsibility of finding the best return that we believe will have the, you know, the the safest and, you know, opportunity for that. And that's what we do. We do believe, though, that working alongside with governments on building a more resilient world, that can be a good component, and it can create the durable and resilient returns that our investors are looking for. But But let's be clear, what we're trying to do at Blackrock for our asset owners is not philanthropy. You know, what we're trying to do is making sure that as the largest manager retirement assets in the world, we have a enormous responsibility and making sure those retirement assets are durable, and sustained. Inflation sustains geopolitical risk, that over a long period of time people can have a retirement they that they live in dignity, and with safety. Thank you. So we'll go shortly to Dr. And Gosei. Then we'll go to Prime Minister the crew and then Minister, how about we have seen an involvement evolving this with with credit started after covered with this. We like this notion of was just in time was not sufficient anymore. So we launched, it was launched just in case. And then the French shoring piece came and you look very worried doctor I lost. Maybe I should smile, smile more, maybe I shouldn't try to read the people's body language. No, I just want to say on the look, we have to admit that it's an issue. We've seen the vulnerability of supply chains during the pandemic, the war in Ukraine. So we have to admit that the concentration of manufacturing or concentration of raw materials in very few countries, it's a problem that we need to deal with, we need to build resilience and diversify. So for me, that's not the issue is how, how, how do we how do we do this? And I think the question of building resilience, we should have a broader mind frame and approach to it than we normally would. That's why when people talk of French origin, I get a little nervous, because I don't know who is a friend, you know, and a friend today can cannot maybe tomorrow will not be a friend. Also, when you say that I never hear any countries in Africa mentioned that he said nine Tunisia could benefit and Brazil, but there's potential for green hydrogen in Namibia, you know, Morocco is doing very well. And Tunisia could be a place. So when people talk of French origin, they immediately think of, you know, the the Europe, the US and some of the other large, emerging markets. So I just want to plead with us to diversify, because some of these other places when they have the right environment for investment could equally be candidates for building resilience for diverse diversifying supply chains, and business was doing it anyway, moving away from China anyhow, because, you know, the costs of production in China were rising, people are moving to Vietnam, Bangladesh, other places. So let's just open our minds when we talk about this fracturing to be more inclusive. That's open our mind. Yeah, in Europe, there's a lot of discussion today about what we call strategic autonomy. And to me, it is not so much about autonomy, it is much more about strategic, we, as a European continent, we have no ambition to be autonomous. I mean, we are the number one trading partner in the world. And we should remain the number one trading partner in the world. But, um, some domains, you should manage it in a more strategic way. And diversification, indeed, is the element as the European continent, what have we found out? We were dependent on Russia for energy, big issue. It's not the fact that we're dependent on importing energy. That's not the issue. But being so dependent on one country, obviously, turned out to be a big, big problem. Let's be fair for our security. We're very dependent on the United States, and United States or France. But being too dependent, even on a friend is not a good thing. Even within NATO, NATO would function better if he brought pull our pillar rate and on some on some technologies, too dependent on China. And so the element of strategic autonomy is more about where do you help you manage this and for example, in semiconductors, that is a case in point, semiconductors, a lot of the fundamental research, for example, is not in Belgium, we have an excellent research center, everyone is doing their research there. But then if we need the semiconductors, they're being produced in one part of the world where you could ask questions, if from a strategic perspective, it's safe, what we are doing for the moment and the EU chips act as an answer to that. And the US chips Act is an answer to that to that as well. And that then links to an element you mentioned about industrial policy. And this is a topic where, in five years ago, hear I'm sure industrial policy was not really a very sexy topic, no one would really talk about it today. It's top of the agenda, and it should be top of the agenda, because we see that so many industries have become very strategic. It does not mean that we should do it on our own, we should remain open to the world. But we should do some more thinking some more what ifs some more scenario building on how things could could could evolve. And there may be a last element. There the WTO has a pivotal role to play. But multilateral organizations such as the WTO they are as strong as how strong we want them to be mean, it's as the members of that organization that give them some autonomy, or do not give them autonomy. And that's an appeal to all of us in this world trade, which is shifting in towards something much more strategic than before, organizations such as the WTO should have the firepower to be able to manage that new reality. Thank you, sir. Mr. Harbach, I just heard from Prime Minister Alexander the crew that Europe was far too long, put all the eggs in one basket on the natural gas from Russia, for 2% was also saying that, at least the way I interpreted it, that had put a lot of eggs when it comes to security in Washington, DC. And that was, of course, a big debate in Europe, also during the former administration. And thirdly, Europe is also very much relying on export to China. So what what is your view on this and the whole French shoring and the hope hope to bring this forward? And Germany is very influential as the fourth largest economy. So we talking about really economic powerhouse, yes. And maybe I can start with one correction, that is not very delightful. For me, it was not you that was reliable, that relied on Russian gas, mainly, which was Germany, I was trying to be deployed, this was a big mistake. And looking back in history, it's hard to understand how this mistake could be made. Because the decision to build Muslim to and to sell our gas storages, some of them the biggest ones to gas from and to sell some of the oil revenues to russneft was made in 2015, one year after the occupation of Crimea. So this is astonishing, looking backwards. And it was, it was Europe that paid the price for the German dependency of Russian gas. And therefore, of course, an obligation arises that Germany has to tribute contribute to Europe's growth, wealth and help other countries as well. The good thing is maybe not the good thing. But one thing is that we have managed to make this crisis and it was a threatening crisis in the last year. manageable in a way, it's not over, of course, but the structures are full, we just discussed it 90%, in the middle of January, this is something and we have achieved three LNG terminals and 10 months building time. So our airport in Berlin took 10 years or something like that. And this was unexpected, but it is possible, it was possible. And therefore now we have a stable situation, the gas prices now 55 euros. This is unexpected, I would say it gives us the hope that we can manage and reduce the recession that is threatened in Europe and Germany at the most. But coming back to your question, I would say that now we have reached exactly the point where it hurts a little bit. Because in an ideal world, there are no such things as bad political intentions, all countries will contribute to a multilateral world and talk to each other, don't use weapons don't have armies, and don't use the economic situation for an advantage against others. But we've learned talking about energy, it's obvious, but the same goes could go at least for digitalization and telecommunication that this is not the case. And I would also argue in an ideal world, state aid or subsidies in a market driven economy only always the last, the last answers have an offer state only reserved for these areas where the market is not covering the the demand and the supply. But this is not the case. We see it now. And the discussion about AI and Europe is mainly which subsidies are fair and which are unfair. So subsidies and state aid are given for the advantage for the own economy. And this goes always, also for Europe. Therefore, we need we need the control of the single market and DG competition. But the decision must be faster and stronger. And if it takes two years time to take a decision, this is too long. So this I think this is what I would like to understand what the President said the other the other hour here on the stage. And last thing, coming back to what the Prime Minister said in an either European world my idea would be that we have a common European fiscal policy, not only my policy but also fiscal policy but this we don't have and therefore of course national economies nationals. States National Ministry of Economic Affairs are doing the job in a way. And I would like to add in brackets in an idle European word. My idea is that one day or the other, we have a common federal European Republic. But brackets close. This is not for today. So, but see, it's highly politically, and therefore we're not an idle political world. And my idea is coming back to what the Prime Minister said, Yes, we need some resilience capacities and critical sectors that would be stupid to rely on. In this complicated political world where interests are gaining and globalization is under pressure to say the least of interest fears and geopolitical rooms for maneuver. Their way, I would argue that we need some knowledge and some capacities in all critical areas, this counts for digitalization, this is the reason for digital market AG. But the same goes for some ground knowledge and capacity for batteries for raw materials for semiconductors and for solar panels. And, and, and of course, medical production, and so on and so on. We only do don't have to stick to the green economies. So therefore, the open fair trade is not the last answer. It's the right answer, but not the last answer, we will always be challenged with the need for some own production capacities for critical infrastructure to have a resilient economy, also in times of crisis. Thank you. Fascinating discussion, we have three minutes left, and we will have an award prize, also an award ceremony. So we will be sitting here during that. But we have three minutes. So larae, one and a half minute, and then Dr. And Gaza, and then we'll go to the award ceremony. Larry, we want to give a short, closing comment. Well, you know, when I think about the need for global trade and the need to have a more resilient world and world economy, I actually believe the only way we're going to achieve that is we have more governments focusing on the concept of hope. If you look back in the last three years, I think the word hope it has been forgotten. We are seeing a declining birth rates worldwide, accelerated during COVID. We have more polarization in the world politically, we have more anger, we have a war. And if we're going to really reengage growth, people have to have a belief that in investing money today, for something that you're gonna get back in 2030 years, you only do that if you believe tomorrow is a better place to be, if you don't believe tomorrow is a better place to be. And obviously, a lot of families are believing or questioning that you keep all your money in a bank and you don't invest. And we're seeing more and more of that throughout the world right now. And so the key for the private sector is for leaders of businesses to try to find more ways of hope. But I would urge more governmental officials to think about that word, too. It is it has been absent in our dialogue for the last three years, as we focus on mortality related to COVID. And we focus on a war and we focus on other issues. And it's put a lot of fear and a lot of people and we need to find a way to re instill hope for more people in the world that tomorrow is going to be better. Thank you. The crew has asked for 30 seconds and then a minute for you that are 30 seconds. I mean, one of my previous functions was as Minister of Development Corporation, and I spent a lot of time at African partner countries. And we have our budgets of what we call ODA, its official development aid. And all that is interesting, and you can do interesting projects. But the number one reason that lifted a billion people out of poverty is not Oda. It's not what governments do. Its trade. And it's because there's a profit to be made. And a profit is not bad mean, and I'm not advocating for monopoly profits. I'm advocating for fair profits. But having a business case and having a stable environment and having trade is the number one reason of how we lift people out of poverty. And there is still way too many people in the world who live in poverty. So if you don't believe in trade, I mean, at least for that, let's do it because it's proven the number one way how you get people out of misery. So don't go sit with that company. You don't need this last comment. I don't I was about to say that that's a really nice wrap up but add one sentence to it's just to emphasize that for all the problems of the global commons we face today. We cannot solve them without multilateralism without cooperation without coming together. And trade is really a strong part of the solution, whether we are talking about decarbonizing the world, you cannot do it without trade because you can't transfer the technologies, solving the pandemic, much as resolved vulnerable supply chains. We also saw that trade helped us get goods from one part of the world to the other technologies for vaccines. So if we want to recover, and we want to recover strongly, we need a trade. That's, that's I'm strongly supporting what the Prime Minister said. And so we shouldn't throw out the baby with the bathwater. Thank you. Thank you. I think there's been a fascinating discussion. And of course, I'm totally biased since I've been the moderator. But I even learned a lot and this is Davos discussions at his best because it had its own dynamics and I think we we moved some steps forward 

Ladies and gentlemen, I want to welcome you all. This is a very special conversation with Santa Maria. Santa Maria, pleasure to have you on. Well, thank you so much for having me. Tell me what the world looks like to you right now you came in as prime minister in a very different environment. You did not imagine Russia would wage war with Ukraine. You were not somebody who was in particularly in favor of Finland becoming a part of NATO. Yet this has become, in a way the defining aspect of your of your Prime Ministership. Where are you in this journey? Well, I was in Davos three years ago. I think, not maybe the same date. But but about three years ago, I was in Davos and, and then everything was new, I was just appointed as prime minister, and we didn't know what is heading us. And then the pandemic came to the world and and we all saw the consequences and have to live with that. After that, the war in Europe. And now, Europe is a middle of energy crisis, because of Putin's war in Ukraine, so much has changed during these three years. And we have faced so many challenges, our societies, our citizens have had to face so many challenges. And we have had to cope with this. The world today is very different place than it was three years ago. And right now, the war is not only concern in Ukraine, but actually the whole world, the rule based order is being challenged, more and more authoritarian regimes are taking more stand in the world and the democratic values are challenged. And this is the new reality, the geopolitical reality that we are in. And we have to face that not be naive, not be blue eyed, but but we really have to face what the world is today. And making hard political choices also making this in mind. So let's take that's a very good list of all the issues the world in, particularly Europe is facing. Let's take them in a sense one by one. What do you think is happening in the Russian one Ukraine, it appears from the outside, that there is something of a stalemate at this point, there does not seem to be as much movement. Ukrainian forces are not liberating cities as fast as they were in November, December. The Russians are Duggan. Are we in for a very long slog? Well, of course, we don't know yet. We don't know when the war will end. But we have to make sure that it will end Ukrainians win. I don't think that there's any other choice. If Russia would win the war, then we would only see a decades of this kind of behavior in head of us. I think other countries are looking very closely what is happening now in Ukraine. And if Russia would win, then it would send a message that you can invade another country, you can attack another country, and you can gain from that land territory, or, or other things, natural resources or, or other things. And we have to send a message that is opposite, that Russia will lose, it will lose the war, Ukraine will push Russia back to its own territory. And that also means cream, it means that that Ukraine will be whole again. And we together have to make sure that this will become reality. But there isn't a gain of attacking another country. And we have to, of course, stand behind the rule based order as well. And I really worry about the challenges that we are all facing in this respect. If there isn't rules in the world, what can we depend on, then it's only rules of that half strength. And, for example, Finland is a small country, it's very, very important to us that we have this international rules that everybody are based to, that we have the human rights that we have rule based order that we have rule of law, and that we respect those values and rules. So all that sounds to me, you know, it makes perfect sense, particularly from where Finland is coming. But there are there are people who say, look, every war ends in some kind of a negotiation, very few end up with total victory or total defeat, you know, World War Two, maybe the exception is at some point will there have to be a negotiation between Russia and Ukraine. That's for Ukraine to decide. We only need to support today. They need our support when it comes to arms, they need more defense material and we have to give that to Ukrainians. They need monetary help. They need financial help they need humanitarian aid. We also have to make sure that when people are fleeing you Rain, we are welcoming them and making sure that they have all the services that they have all, all the support that they need to make their lives as normal as possible. So not right now we have to support Ukraine. And it's them to decide what kind of negotiations they are willing to go. What are the terms that they are willing to accept, and our job is to support them, they will decide for themselves, what is Ukraine's future. And we can all also hope, sent a message of hope for that, for example, Ukraine has applied the European Union membership. And I think when they are fulfilling the criteria, we have to welcome them with open arms, we have to give them another path, that it's not only a story of war, it's the story after the war, it's the story of hopes that they can build their society with our help, that they can become prosperous nation, with a good future ahead of them with a good future for their children. So I hope that even though we are now living, in middle of war, all of us in Europe, and especially Ukrainians, that's not the only story and the only message, but at the same time, we have to look to the future. And hopefully there is a brighter future for Ukraine and Ukrainians, Head Head of them. Do you think it's inevitable that Ukraine will have to become a member of NATO? Whether whether de facto or disarray, there will be security guarantees provided by the major countries of the West? Well, of course, NATO has its own rules. And if a country is in middle war, it cannot become a member of NATO. Of course, we can look down the history and and ask ourselves question, Should Ukraine already be a member of NATO, then there wouldn't be a war in Ukraine. And actually, this is why also Finland and Sweden is applying immediate NATO membership. And hopefully, the ratification process will go as fast as possible. Also, with the two countries that haven't hasn't ratified, yet, we want to become member of NATO, because we don't ever again want war. In Finland, we have been in war with Russia before. We have very good military capabilities. But we have, we have to make sure that there is all also the threat that the Article Five gives, that if a NATO country is attacked, others will defend. And also, of course, Finland will defend to other countries when becoming a NATO member. You believe that if Ukraine was a member of NATO, if it had already become a member, there would be no war. I'm sure it if Ukraine would be a member of NATO, there were wouldn't be a war now in Ukraine. And actually, we also have to look to the year 2014, when Russia attacked, Crimea should have we and I think we should have acted differently than if we would have been more strong. If we would pose much harder sanctions, then I think the results of history would have been different. If we have shown strength, then, as European Union and allies, I think the story might have been very different than its today. And we have to learn from this day forward, that Europe needs strength, we need more autonomous strength. And we have to make sure that we are not as dependent on authoritarian regimes that we are right now. For example, energy, we are too dependent. And we have become too dependent on Russian energy. And that is causing a lot of problems everywhere in Europe right now. And we have to make sure that in the future, we are learning from this experience. And in the future. We don't build those kinds of critical dependencies on authoritarian regimes. But we will deepen our cooperation with our democratic allies and partners. In Finland, for many years, it has been a important to maintain good relations with Russia. Your president, famously was said to be the Putin's best friend in Europe and Finland saw it as being important to maintain good relations with Russia because you have a very long and critical border with them. The situation has are very different. Do you have a very hostile adversarial relationship with Russia right now? Is that are you experiencing anything coming out of Russia in terms of troop movements, cyber attacks, intelligence, spying? Are you seeing a new Russian attitude towards Finland? Well, first of all, I have to say we have had functioning relations with Russia. Shah, because of our geopolitical reality, we are next door neighbor with Russia and and in many fields, we have had to go with that. And we have had functional relationship with Russia. If I am trying to explain the Finnish set of mind, the most important thing for Finland, the Finnish people is to make is to make sure that we are secure, that we are safe, we are secure that we are independent nation and that there isn't threats, that that are treading, treading that. So security is very, very important to Finland. And if you ask Finnish citizens how willing they are to defend their own country, we are ranked number one worldwide, the Finnish people, they are most willing to defend their own country. And that's because of our history and the war with Russia that we have had. So we we value security and and our independency more than anything, and how to make sure that this is the reality. So far it's been functioning relationship with Russia, not being a member of NATO having this this position, the space between Yeah, of course, we have been close partners with NATO for a long time, but we haven't been a member because we have thought that this would be the most best way to secure our nation's security. But now the reality is different. Now we see that that Russia is attacking another neighbor. And we cannot rely on that relations anymore. So we have to seek partnership elsewhere, more close partnership. And that's why we are applying the NATO membership. Is Russia, opposing what kind of read threats against Finland, I think we have to be prepared for anything. We're not seeing a military threat, acute military threat against Finland, there isn't any, any kind of movement or military movement close to our borders. But of course, we have to be prepared for everything, and anything. So we are prepared for cyberattacks, hybrid operations, informational warfare, misinformation, spread of guns, all over the internet. And I think this is the reality for every country in Europe, I think this is the reality for every nation in the world, we are seeing the world a very different place that we thought it would look like. And I think everyone has to be more prepared on different kinds of, for example, misinformation that are spread everywhere. And the best way to tackle that is sent the right information, the gift, the people right information, and also making sure that your nation is secured and prepared from different kinds of actions and incidents. And at the same time, I have to say also that 100% security, that's not possible, but you have to be prepared and think beforehand what might happen and how you could be more secure, even though you might not never reach the 100% security. So when when Finland and Sweden applied for NATO membership, it seemed as though it was going to happen very, very quickly. But there has been an obstacle to nations in particular, let's talk about Turkey. Do you think Turkey's objections to Finland's membership are going to be overcome? Well, I think their process should have been faster than London, Sweden, we both tick all the boxes. When it comes to NATO. We are fully prepared to become NATO members, and there shouldn't be any obstacles on the way. Of course, we are still waiting for two countries to ratify Hungary have said that they will ratify as soon as their parliamentary period will start hopefully, very soon. Turkey, that's another matter. And we have discussed and agreed in NATO's method Summit, about the steps that we will take and we have taken those steps. And now we are waiting for Turkey to ratify. I don't see that there shouldn't be any problems. And I have also personally talked with President Erdogan. And and he has said what he has said also in public that that Finland, isn't that that there isn't that big of issues with Finland, maybe some with Sweden. But for our perspective, it's very important that Finland and Sweden are going to NATO together because we are sharing the same security agreement. What if President Erdogan says I will vote yes on Finland but no one Sweden? Well, of course we cannot influence and decide for Turkey but for our perspective, it's very an crucially important, and I think also from NATO's perspective, it's crucially important that both Finland and Sweden, both countries fulfill all the boxes about NATO membership that we are applying. And we are taking into NATO. And all the countries are also handling our application simultaneously. So there shouldn't be any problems with that. And we hope that we will be part of NATO together. Do you think if this one Ukraine last three, four years, five years, Europe has the staying power to see it through to continue supporting Ukraine, deterring Russia, dealing with the energy issues that arise out of it, I think the only message that we need to send that we will support Ukraine as long as needed. One year, two years, five years, 10 years, 15 years, we will support Ukraine as long as needed. Let's talk about the energy crisis. Europe has had a warm winter, and that has relieved some of the pressure. But in a longer term sense, do you think that Europe is moving fast enough to wean itself off Russian energy? Well, I think we also have now in our hands a possibility to do this. The war has changed the world, we were going towards the green transition also before making the investments in renewables. And now we only have to make those faster. And we need cooperation. Of course, between European countries to do this, we don't, we are not only investing, about the production of energy, but also with the network's also with, with the connections between countries. So we need to invest together, every country has to invest. And we need also those common investments, I think this is a possibility to make that quick transition a reality. And the way should be towards renewables. Because we're also tackling with climate change. We're also tackling with loss of biodiversity. And those are the biggest strengths of humankind. So we need to take this momentum as possibility to make a greener a better future for our children. But the reality right now, in the short run is, there is not enough green energy to at the scale that you need it and as quickly as you need it. So Germany is buying coal, you're seeing a lot of liquefied natural gas. Shouldn't should there be more investments in those areas as transitions? Or is that? Is that turning your back on the green agenda? You see that? It seems to me there's a dilemma here. If you need the energy now and you need it to be non Russian? What is available now today is largely fossil fuels, natural gas and some coal. Should you be investing more in that in the short term? Well, of course, we cannot make the Cree interesting transition within a year. That's a reality, we cannot transform our whole energy system to a greener one within one year or two years. But all the new investments should go on clean transition not to invest in those fields that that are not green, of course, we have to buy coal and gas and oil from the global markets through Europe right now. But at the same time, we have to invest in green energy, for example, Finland, we have done that, already. We are doing it as we speak. And we have done and versified our energy mix beforehand. And we have been preparing for different kinds of situations. And that way, we are not dependent on Russian fossil fuels. And that's a very good thing. And now we have to make sure that everybody else is on board as well. For example, we are and have been investing in in wind power. And I think if I if I remember correctly this year, those energy sources will peak and hopefully also get the prices down quite fast. When you when you look at Europe's economic future that I'd say the consensus here at Davos seems to be that Europe is going to enter into a recession. Do you agree? That's a possibility. And actually, it looks likely that Europe will face some kind of resistance. And we can of course also effect as countries what kind of rushes and will that be? Hopefully a very short one. Hopefully we'll go ahead quite firstly, I think right now it's also very important to invest in the future, the Queen the transition, but not only that, also the digitalization also the new tech acknowledges of research and development and knowledge and know how education of our citizens, because we have to learn from the war not only concerning energy, but also other fields and about the huge crisis that we have faced during this past three years. First, the pandemic showed us that we are too dependent on certain markets when it comes to medical medicine and medical supplies, then the end the war in Russia, that war in Ukraine, and the Russian energy showed us that we are too dependent on energy, we are also and we have to make sure that we are not dependent on food or clean water and defense material, we have to make sure that we can produce the defense material that we need. But not only this, I think the one thing that we are not discussing enough is new technologies, new technologies, and the know how much knowledge that we will need because the future crisis is the future wars, the future. Conflicts will be about new technologies, we are already seeing that in different parts of the world. And we have to make sure that we are investing in these new technologies with our partners. We need cooperation between Europe, United States, Canada, and also partners from Asia, such as Japan, South Korea, also the Indo Pacific, Australia, New Zealand, also India, we need our democratic partners working together making sure that we have those trading routes and and those solutions when it comes to new technologies. Because if we are dependent on authoritarian regimes, when it comes to new technologies, then our economies, our societies will be jeopardized. So what does that mean about Finland and Europe's relations with China? Because so far, the attitude of Europe towards China has been very different from what it is now is toward Russia, there has been an open embrace of China, the Chinese market, Chinese investment, China has been a very important market for countries like Germany, should Europe rethink its relations with China because it is an authoritarian country. And there would be inevitably dependencies built. If you were to have just simply open trade. I think every democratic nation should rethink its dependencies on China and other authoritarian regimes. I think this is a reality that we are now facing, it doesn't mean decoupling. Now, it doesn't mean that it's impossible. We are all too connected economically, we are too connected to each other. And I don't mean that we should decouple today. That's not possible. It's not reality. But at the same time, we have to make sure that we have also different sources, when it comes to natural resources when it comes to semiconductors, chips, or other new technologies, that we also have other trading routes that we also have other sources, for example, very important that that Intel and others, businesses and companies are investing in new semiconductor factories, manufacturers in Europe, in the States, in democratic countries, we cannot be dependent on some sources that are under authoritarian regimes. I think everybody has to rethink their, their way of thinking when it comes to authoritarian regimes, also businesses, this is not only a matter of governments and countries, but also private businesses, perhaps private sector industries, because if they're looking back, I think the Russian investments that they have made have cost them a lot of money. And I think they also have to make that risk analyzes not only a quarter or a year, but also in 10 years term. If we are now investing in alternative regimes, what will happen to future? Will their P be a reality where our investments are being socialists, for example, what is happening Russia right now, it has cost a lot of money to European businesses to be in Russia. You're heading into elections in Finland, and if somebody were to look at your government, one criticism they could make is you've run up a lot of debt, and other European countries have as well, but the level of debt was sustainable in a world of very low interest rates. But if interest rates stay high, will it could it not be said that you've you have left a legacy that is going to be very hard to navigate? If the interest rates stay high interest on the debt stays very high? I think we have to take that very seriously. Not only in Finland, but Europe and elsewhere. I think we are are seeing Europe, where many countries has a lot of threats. Finland is in the middle, our debt, when you compare it to GDP is about 70%. It's not that high compared to many other countries. And I really worry about the situation in Europe right now, where there are many countries that have a lot of deaths, and also a lot of costs because of that. And that is a threat to all of Europe together. Because we are so connected, we are sharing the single market, we are sharing common economies, we are in the same Eurozone with many countries. So of course, this is a serious matter for all of us. In Finland, we have taking a lot of like many other countries, because of the pandemic, we have supported our citizens, our businesses and making sure that our unemployment doesn't raise. And actually when you look at the the numbers, right now, Finland is now in very good shape. When you look at employment, for example, we are in 75% of employment, and that was our target when we started as a government to the race that to 75%. One we have, we have made that a reality. And also another fields, we have a lot of possibilities. But the economic situation, that is something that we also have to take very seriously. And making sure that in the future, our economies and our public economies is better than it is now. I know that you don't like to talk about your role as a very young woman in this very important job. And we don't have you know, we don't have to ask you what. But there is a public fascination with it. So let me ask you this. Do you think that you have done things you have furthered a women's agenda or certain issues that you understood perhaps better than than others might? Has there been some part of of that, that you look back on, and see as a as a legacy? Well, I think that and not only think most of my time has gone with the major crisis that we have faced, and this would have been the same situation, whether there would have been a male Prime Minister in Finland or not. So so no, my gender or my age, hasn't affected that much about the agenda that we all have to face during this years. For Finland, gender equality has always been very important, globally, but also, internally, because we are a small nation, nation of 5.5 million people. And we couldn't cope if we wouldn't use all of the resources of all of our people. And we need everybody on board, every gender any every generation, we need everyone on board to making sure that Finland will cope and Dr. In the future. And I think also globally, we are missing an opportunity for a better future. We are neglecting the women's participation, whether it's in private sector or public sector in political life, I need I think we need everybody on board, women, men, different genders and different generations. I think everybody has a perspective. And I think when we're listening to everyone, we are making the best decisions. All right, I have time for a little bit of q&a. In a kind of only in Davos moment, we do have the former prime minister of Finland Alex, here. Do you have something you want to add Alex? Alex will only say Finland is the best country in the world. Thank you very much for Eden and Congratulations, son, perhaps a personal question, because we've been a little bit in the same boat in perhaps to certain extent, changing the institution of a prime minister. How have you coped with it personally, because I felt that at times the personal attacks that that were involved in in the day to day politics, they at least drove me down or gave me a few sleepless nights, but in my mind, you've been coping with it extremely well. What's your defense mechanism? Well, I really don't like this political atmosphere. I think you can relate. I don't like the political atmosphere when we are focusing about the persons. We are focusing about the individual making the decisions, not the decisions itself or the political agendas I think I went to politics because because I wanted to change the worlds, I didn't want the politics because I wanted to be a politician. I wanted to change the world a better place. And I think we are discussing too little about the matters about that agenda about values that we stand behind. And we are focusing, and when I say we, I'm talking about the media, we are focusing too much on the individuals and their personal appearances or looks or, or how they speak or how they act. And are they interesting or not? I don't think that matters at all. I think that matter matters. And we should focus on that. And how do I cope? I do sports like you do. And and I'm very grateful that I have a good that it doesn't affect my sleep, that I sleep well. Even though there are big crisis or, or personal turbulence because of the media. You've been clever enough not to not to wear your shorts and public the way that Alex did actually have been photographed with an even shorter. Yeah. Thank you. My name is bolus gorta. Reema, Chilean journalist, and why did alumna so the World Economic Forum last report shows that it is going to take 151 years to achieve gender parity if we continue doing the same things we're doing now. So as a as an icon, a global icon in gender parity issues. What do you think should be done now to change those terrible numbers? Thank you. I don't have an answer to that. I agree that in this route that we are on, it will take too long time, it will take too long time. But I cannot personally make decisions behalf of everyone. I think gender equality is a serious matter. And I can also see and we can also see that it's been challenged more and more worldwide. For example, it will look at the situation in Iran or Afghanistan, that the situation is terrible. It's just terrible. And we need to do more as global community to toggle that push back against push back. So so we need to do more. But how to reach that reality where gender wouldn't matter. I don't know when we will be there. I think we only have to make sure that we are fighting every day that we are not taking candid about that progress that we have made that we have to fight for every day for our values gender equality, human rights, rule of law, these are not matters that are given to us. They are matters that we fight for. And hopefully every day and hopefully the world will become a better place sometime. That is as much time as we have Salamone pleasure to have you. Thank you. Thank you so much. It was my pleasure. 

Hey Richard Lewis Schefter goober monster.com pre Blessed are with Mr. Head of Government. It's a great pleasure for us to welcome you to this annual meeting. in Davos, we are entering a decade of crucial actual garden mall to ensure that the world can obtain a sustainable future and no solution. The accuracy that is not inclusive can be brought without the momentum and ambition of African peoples and communities. The youngest continent in the world with the fastest growth the Kingdom of Morocco is a brick Madea in the connection between nations of the world. And for that reason, Mr. Prime Minister, we are delighted to have you with us today. See whoo Saturday. The following week, Mr. President of the World Economic Forum Dr. Klaus Schwab. Ladies gentlemen, I am very happy to be speaking here in 2023. And let me wish you all my very best wishes for the New Year 2023 will be a year when our collective and individual duty will be to be optimistic. Our world has been shaken up by successive crises COVID pandemic, the war in Ukraine, the rise in energy and commodity prices as well as global warming. The relationships between states are deeply fragmented, and the risk of fragmentation also strikes our societies were feeling the feeling of inequality and exclusion persists in many parts of the population. The development of new technologies and their ability to transform our daily lives is accelerating, and requires from us adaptation that is both fast and vital. Ladies and gentleman, economy as a person, as all of us as persons responsible for economic and political development, we have a duty and the media question is, of course, and the people's question is how can we turn these challenges into opportunities? And in the longer term? What is the ideal of peace and prosperity that we can guarantee to our future generations because we must simultaneously note two things. One, globalization is not always a happy moment. It does not always keep its promises, and lead on contrary to the myth of the end of history, everything remains to be done. And Morocco and Africa more broadly, must write their own history. Ladies and gentlemen, the huge task before us in this huge darks Morocco is an ideal partner to build a responses is both economic, political, environmental and social. We live in a multipolar world, the kingdom, under the Enlightened Leadership of His Majesty King Mohammed, the sixth has become a regional model. We have built modern democratic institutions, our constitution voted in 2011 proof so the reform of the family code, a rule groundbreaking at the service of equality and human rights regionalization advanced regionalization allows us to bring participatory democracy deep in the heart of our communities. We have built infrastructure in the best world class infrastructure, connectivity, sea land, and air 2000 kilometers of motorways, the first high speed train line in Africa, the largest Mediterranean seaport, and very soon a very large port on the Atlantic Ocean as well as 14 international airports which provide the ability to travel across Africa. These infrastructures have allowed Morocco to to obtain very attractive tourist sector A high performance industry, fantastic agricultural sector industry in the automotive, and aerospace sectors. We have also established relations of trust. Establishing Morocco as a trusted partner in Africa, particularly where His Majesty King Muhammad the sixth has traveled across Africa extensively 50 visits, cooperation agreements have been signed in the struggle against protectionism in Africa be slack after the greatest free trade area has been founded. There are trade agreements with the European Union, the United States, and this free trade area now opens access to 2 billion consumers. Morocco has also become a leader in sustainable development, economic and human development. The man huge challenges for our generation renewable energies now account for 38% of our energy mix. And our ambition is to DC reach 50% by 2030. We're working hard for peace and security in the region, but also in the broader world, by contributing to a dialogue between civilizations are working for freshmen between cultures, religions, and peoples which live together in peace across the Kingdom of Morocco. Morocco has all of the assets to work with its partners on opportunity to turn challenges into opportunities at the crossroads of Africa, Europe, the Atlantic Ocean, its strategic strategic position gives it a place of choice in the value chains of the world. It has some of the most abundant and cheapest resources in the world, which will help in the development of hydrogen of green hydrogen, Morocco will also be a key player in decarbonisation of the world. We must offer a new ideal, a new political compact to the future generations so that they can project themselves optimistically into the future. Morocco, under the leadership of its sovereign, is now entering a new phase of its development through the edification of a social state. In one year, our government followed the royal agenda, with regulatory regulation framework for mandatory Social Security and rights open to two thirds of the population who have benefited who until now did not benefit from this welfare state. We want to go further and also generalize family benefits. Through efficient targeting of welfare benefits. Our government has also faced with great determination, the multiple crises of 2020 to the energy crisis, with rising crisis, the climate with the worst drought in 40 years. The monetary crisis with the return of inflation we have worked to support through budget measures, and we've managed to preserve our macro economic balances and our priority reforms our government has guaranteed supply has contained inflation and is continuing to work on reducing its deficits, we're also continuing to invest in the future. Morocco has a national health system. That is entirely necessary for the reform of social protection in 2023 1/3 of the government's budget has been allocated to health and education $7 billion dedicated to that these considerable resources must be better used to upgrade our education system, not strengthen its performance. Our objective is to rebuild trust in public education, and strengthen the skills of all schoolchildren all of these social reforms are facilitated by an in a major institutional advance because the government has chosen to strengthen social dialogue with the main the main trade unions. We listen we negotiate and we move together. Ladies and gentleman in more Morocco, we are well aware of the place the position we wish to occupy in the world and this is why we have a new invest Permanent charter, a new, attractive, and incentivizing framework for international national investors be they large or small. That is also what we're aiming to obtain with our reforms to simplify the tax rules, and placed them at the best world class standards by reducing the tax pressure on SMEs, which are, of course, key growth drivers. But we have also, we are also fully aware of the challenges that lie ahead. That will require us to improve the future and the present with new opportunities. Less gray economy, more creative industry, the new and old economy coming head on. Yeah. And as you said, Dear Mr. shrub in your book, the fourth industrial revolution, the question of youth has become more than ever crucial in any consistent and inclusive development project, in the image of what Morocco wishes to develop by 2035. By creating stronger links between economics and social aspects, with as a guiding thread is the environmental transition, which has become so very necessary. And this ambition, of course, poses many questions, how can the market release its creative energy, while also protecting our countries from a new major crisis. These are the great challenges we are facing. We must streamline things for the economy. But we must also remain very vigilant in the face of risks that emerge from the new economy. I think the lesson to be drawn from this is that the world is no longer a world to be dominated it is a world to be shared, that is what Morocco is striving for, a an inclusive and sustainable society, driven by the vision of His Majesty, Muhammad, the sixth, who caught who is calling for an equal partnership with various partners. And again, let me state my consideration availability as His Majesty's government members all. And let me assure you that we are deeply committed to work with you, in your investments through the acceleration of reforms, the continuous improvement of our investments, your investments, to create value together many facts. To shift to Grandma's or quad, Mr. Head of Government, I think we are all impressed by this project. In Morocco, these reform plans, they are not just plans, they are delivering results that are already very visible. I'm very happy that we now have time for a few questions. And the role was to share. So I'm sure you have already already touched upon some of these points in your speech. But let me ask you last year, Morocco entered the continental free trade area, the African Free Trade Area. And I now believe that there are more than around 50 members now and it is the largest free trade agreement in the world. Prosperity for what prospects do you envision Africa at all with this new area some of the stuff that you talked about Africa more broadly. In your speech, there's less significance Sure. What do you think the true meaning of this free trade agreement is Morocco truly believes in a positive future for Africa, Africans can feed the world in future if farming investments are made. Morocco has vast human resources. It is a very large market that connects Africa to raids with the rest of the world 60% and intra African trade is only 16%. This free trade area is a fantastic initiative and transformative initiative for Africa to boost investment and trade. And I believe that Africa's potential and in fact the importance that we grant to the continent with His Majesty is the king. More than 50 steed visits in 50 African nations, Bonnie Pft. Got it. African nations. More than 1000 agreements are also signed on that positions. Morocco was one of the greatest investors in Africa, notably West Africa. Africa has huge potential for the future. The free trade area will be a watershed moment for in Africa's growth. Mr. Head of Government, usually countries or in general countries find it very hard to reach the targets of the Paris Accords are also productive in reducing the temperature by 1.5 degrees. But Morocco requires surely Bosma I think is on the right path. What is your secret boss go was that click six because you are an exception? Well, Morocco just landed just after its independence. His Majesty, King Hassan the second had already started a very ambitious dam building policy meeting making hydropower very important in our country. There were adjustments after that, and more with the desertification, but there was an acceleration thanks to King Mohamed the six with a plan that imposed that asked the various governments to invest in wind and solar power, we have now reached 38% In our energy mix from green energy. And the targets set by His Majesty the King for which we're working on that ad is by 2030 to reach 50 or 52% renewables in the energy mix, it is possible. First, because Morocco is very favorable to renewable renewables 3000 hours of sunshine in Morocco. The sun kilowatt is about five kilowatt hours per square meter. It's one of the places in the world where we can have an offering where producing energy also through the speed and constancy of winds in Morocco. That will provide the some of the cheapest renewables in the world for renewable power production, and then the government is also working under the guidance of the sovereign to develop an offering Pickler party an offering for power a comprehensive offering, and we're going to try to find something to find God willing. Richard Mr. Head of Government, you have been very successful in attracting foreign businesses Oracle Renault opol and so on. You mentioned in your speech the importance of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, Sydney people are being exchanged, what does that imply services? For example, to attract foreign investments doing value aiming to become a supplier of high technology sector of the semiconductor in the in semiconductors. For instance, what is your vision of Morocco? In terms of production? Possible? Look, please. I believe that the most important thing is to set up a secure and framework for investors with great visibility. An investment charter has just been passed by Parliament to provide the is ability to encourage investment in Moroccan communities in the interests of sustainable development and employment. And there will be strong government support for these investments. There are multiple sectors I named a few. aerospace, automotive industry, agriculture, Morocco has an agricultural green generation development plan the transformation of fish and sea foods, fully mature electronics keep when all of this fits and furthers the interests of sustainable development and job creation. Well, Morocco will support these initiatives first of all through a powerful de centralization regionalization. So that decisions can be taken in the field to facilitate investment but also to try and identify and pinpoint processes where investments can be made easier. Mister had a government Morocco was very good compared to other countries to in managing the COVID crisis. We did very well. What could you tell us about that? What were the key learnings of your experience during the COVID pandemic, His Majesty the King was asked for appeal to the generosity of our people, we managed to collect around $3 billion, which helped to support the local population. Which, of course, was finding that period very difficult. Factories were shut down in Memphis, but also to work. In fighting the disease itself, because 1.5 billion was dedicated to the consequences of COVID. It was an opportunity which we managed to seize major investments will be made in healthcare with the the local manufacturing of vaccines, up to 1 billion losers a year that can be exported elsewhere in Africa, but also through our healthcare system. Our new legislation is deeply modifying our models of governance, so that we can better so that we can improve patient pathways provincially regionally or locally, and also increase investments in human resources, and notably, doctors. The whole world needs these types of developments and we too, are fighting to better train to train more, and to try to retain our physicians by making their careers more attractive. And therefore, what took place with COVID generated opportunities for us to transform our healthcare sector. Mr. Head of Government, good news, John Doerr, certainly many people in this room, I followed with great interest, the World Cup. And, of course, we were all deeply impressed by Morocco's national football team. It's a symbol of what you were talking about in your speech and your answers to our questions, because I think you were the very first African African and Arab World Team to qualify for the World Cup semi finals. What do you think that means for Morocco? First of all, it is true that we were ourselves surprised. Morocco has always had a great football team. It's not by chance. There's been a lot of investment, a lot of supervision followed very closely by our sovereign. We have training schools which we have professionalized nationally, notably the school that bears the name of His Majesty, ma'am at the six with some great players who play in some of the world's greatest clubs. So we had a good team. But in all of these games, there were multiple games because of course, the players were truly engaged with the fighting spirit. They went out there to win to succeed, there was really this very strong determination to win. But all of that was done joyfully. They listened to the public. You know, every time Morocco would win a match, there were at least a million people in the streets of Morocco celebrating our victory. So city shows a man exchange was extremely important to us. And it truly expressed values of engagement of solidarity, but also values of the relationship that we have with our mothers with our wives. And it really showed how important women are in our society, there was not a single game that ended with the players going to embrace their mothers or their wives to share that victory. with them. It was a fantastic moment for Morocco. And I think it really expresses values that all businesses and states wish to express. But what we felt deep in our hearts during that World Cup, was that there was great sympathy for our national team. And many thanks for your sympathy. Well, Mr. Head of Government, I think we would all like to wish you as you're calling on behalf of all of our participants who wish you every success, and victories that are as great as the victories you have obtained in football in your energy transition program and your education program, which you mentioned to the and also in your industrialization process. So many thanks to you for attending this Annual Meeting in Davos. And we wish you all the best 

Yeah, my number two. Oops. Okay, I think our mics are on, does that mean that we should begin? Okay. Thank you. Thank you all for for for joining us here this morning. I think I'm Ben Smith, I'm the editor of semaphore, I guess I think showing up for an 8:30am panel in Switzerland is like the opposite of quiet quitting, I hope you will have empathy for the people we're talking about who did not. And thanks particularly for to to the the web team who prepared me incredibly well for this panel, I hope. I should also say that I've noticed at least two of the world's leading experts on this these subjects in the audience, Kevin and Julia, which is slightly disconcerting. But in any case, thank you so much for joining us. And this is going to be a hopefully free flowing discussion with for for people who've thought incredibly deeply about these questions about work and the future of work. Quiet quitting itself is kind of, you know, a term that is quite contested by some of some of our speakers. And some, you know, who are both is thinking very hard about, about work and changing nature of work and operating very big, complicated businesses in that space. And so, so that's we're going to talk about I think we have 45 minutes, the last 10 will be questions, so please think about questions, which should be one sentence and then the form of a question. The and and just the WEF has also thought a lot about these questions. So you know, and about the solutions, which they call good work range from, you know, health and well being promoting fairness and that this is the sort of web framework which you can find on their website. I think there's like a QR code. But I will introduce introduce our speakers from from from left to right. TFT delaporte. Runs Wipro, which is a enormous 260,000 employee company, an IT services company that um, you know, started in Bangalore, He's based in Paris both attempts to solve and deals with these problems every day. Martin, Fila. Is, leads the Mercer Mercer which is the Marshall McLennan, HR and Investment Consulting Group also thinks about this stuff a lot. Adam Grant tweets a lot about quiet quitting hates the phrase and as an organizational psychologist who, who you know, it will his thought has thought a lot about this. And Anjali Sood runs Vimeo comm where she both, you know, manages people and deals with this question and has also changed the company to respond to respond to some of these challenges. And Adam, I guess I'll start with you just to sort of set the table on, what are we talking about here? What what is the sort of underlying Organizational Psychology around this changing nature of work? And with the so called Quiet quitting? Well, yeah, I do hate the term, Ben, because it suggests that employees are giving up when in fact, quiet quitting, or whatever you call it is a natural response to feeling that your employer, your boss has given up on you. So you blame the bosses more than anyone else? For sure. So tough crowd for that? Well, I think this is the crowd that needs to hear it. Let's be clear. Good morning, Davos. So I think that, you know, we've had terms for this for generations, right? We used to call it phoning it in before we had phones, it was called mailing it in. This is not a new phenomenon. It's not specific to any generation. One of the classic studies was done in the late 1980s. And the finding was, you could tell who was going to quote unquote, quiet quit six months before it happened. It happened when people felt dissatisfied with their jobs, but they did not have a voice. And eventually, they said, You know what, no one cares about me. I'm gonna stop caring. And Martina, you guys have done some research recently on on AI, how basically how executives are thinking about and responding to this, and he found 50% of C suite executives are, are at least open to the possibility of fairly dramatic change. I'm just curious what your found and how you're thinking about it. Yeah. And I totally agree. It's nice to have buzzwords so that we coalesce on on a particular issue. But it always existed. I think it might be exacerbated by the hole that we've gone through over the last few years for sure. And the good news is, though, that our data also shows that actually, employers are the most trusted bodies out there, compared to NGOs, governments and media, sorry to say, Ben, we are fully used to it. And therefore if we can think together as employers as corporate bodies, as to how we address that, I think there's a hope that we can at least reduce the number I think, Adam, you're the psychologist here, there probably will always be that phenomenon. But the problem is when you have a high proportion of people that act that way, and I thought as I sit here that I would start by looking at my watch and the ceiling and quite quit a little bit and show what it looks like. But basically He, we are told that a third of the employers think that's a big issue for their firm. A third of the employers that we survey every year as well, they told us that it's going to be just having the employees being engaged being thriving at work, is one of the top five issues they have on their radar right now. And it's also connected to high attrition and the difficulty in hiring and finding the great talent that they need. Angela, do you sort of agree that I mean, I think you weren't, you are in when people sort of use these buzzwords, they're really thinking about North American creative employees, like your employees and my employees, first of all, and I'm curious, do you I guess, first of all, agree that there's nothing has changed. And this is all this is in that these are just buzzwords? Or have you seen something new in the last couple of years with your people? Yeah, I mean, yeah, the Vimeo workforce is quite progressive in nature. And my general view is, I don't think it's new. I do think and I agree with you, Adam, that it's on leaders and companies and to change. But I will say, I think we're in a unique world right now where what the next generation expects and needs to be engaged in their personal lives has not translated to work. And there's a fairly necessary reskilling, I would say, of leaders, if we want to have are we going to communicate and engage with distributed teams? And how are we going to align people and connect with them in this sort of digital world. And I think that actually is a bit of a house on fire. Because I don't think most leaders feel equipped to do that. It's not a skill set, most of us kind of moved up the ranks being great at. And I do think that without it, this, this same phenomenon of phoning it in or quiet quitting, can, in fact, lead then to not being able to retain and make productive, great talent, especially in an environment right now, where we all need more impact and productivity from our teams. And I'm telling you run an enormous company 260, the notion of having 260,000 employees, like I'm sweating thinking about it, the many, I think, in Bangalore and around the world. And I'm curious, both how it you know, how the last two years and this conversation about the nature of work has impacted your company, you know, we're not millennials, you know, in Brooklyn, or something? Sure, some are, but um, and then also whether it's affected, you know, the business, you're the business you're in and the products you offer. Let me let me tell you a little bit of how the world has changed, at least from my industry. And from our standpoint, just over the last two years, as you said, right, the context, plus 100,000 employees just over the last two years, so net increase of 100,000 employees, half of our 260,000 employees have joined us over the last two years. So actually 50% of the company has joined at the time of the pandemic, right, where most of our campuses we are closed, right? The average age of the company is right below 30. That's a fundamental technical aspect. So when we talk about quiet quitting ICICI it's a very important topic and a reflection and an opportunity for us leader to really reflect on the fact that, yes, the work labor market has fundamentally changed. And how do we need to adjust to that, fundamentally, as well? What client what employees are looking for candidates, you know, when they joined the company is they want to join a company that has a culture, they want to feel part of a culture, they want to embrace, you know, the values of the company a sense of purpose. I'll come back to that, you know, maybe maybe later, but I think the sense of purpose is incredibly important. Why am I doing this? Right? Second, you know, I realize especially probably doesn't help when you have size, sizable teams is that you need to communicate, communicate, communicate, connect, it goes actually beyond communicating, it's connecting, how do you make sure that you know, the people understand where we are going and why. And why do we make the changes not only we are going here, or we are going there, but this is why we have in mind, this is what we are saying this is how we are progressing, so that they feel part of the journey. I think it's fundamental. So those are the elements that we constantly try to bring to inside organization to make sure and we never do enough to be honest, right? To just make sure that people feel I'm part of it and it's exciting. And have the products you are For your customers changed to refer, I mean, have you in the business in response to the these are fundamental changes? Yeah, probably you're right, then, you know, way back, I would say our industry was very back office. So you would work, you know, with, you know, in centers far away, and then you or you would send the work you've done back to clients. Now there's, you know, the world is open. And actually, it's one amazing thing, where's, you know, the fact of working remotely is that actually, wherever you are in the world doesn't matter. So suddenly, for our colleagues around the world, they connect with their colleagues in different countries, different places, different position, every single day. And so that is different, because the connection with clients is also very real today, it may not always be physical, it is often virtual. But it's a lot more connected with, you know, the, the end user or the client that he was in the past. And Anjali has has Vimeos product, which I think a lot of people remember, as you know, a sort of high end video sharing platform changed in response to this, I mean, not just for your management, but for your customer, we've changed the business model and approach of me almost entirely, to look at the future of work. So today, the way we think of it, and I think tears as well as like, we're all communicating more, but we're not connecting better. And how can we use visual mediums like video at work? So that outside of just doing video meetings, how are we How is a CEO sending a video message out so that you can get their emotion and nuance instead of reading an email, which by the way, employees don't read anymore? And and when you're training your workforce, you know, none of us in our personal lives, read instruction manuals anywhere more, we go to YouTube and watch the Vidyo the idea that we're going to train and inform and enable our workforces with documentation and manuals. Seems quite outdated. So we've actually, our entire business model now is working with the largest companies in the world to be sort of a corporate video platform that enables them to have more modern and human connection, then if I may, yes, please, it's so important because exactly there's what we have been working with clients is bringing the digital enablement within the workplace because it in very many workplaces, you feel like you're getting 10 years backwards, or 20 years backwards, and the tools that you have for work, the communication style, the approaches. So it's beyond video, it's all how you're equipping your employees. I mean, you're in a high tech environment, but many of our clients don't. We're not there yet. And therefore, for that experience to be more seamless that way, including communication. And as you said, it's not only the communications, but it's the connection. And I think what you're talking about Angelina is about that. Yeah, utilizing that format to do to make that connection better. Like for example at Mercer, our townhall now we still have them, we still want to share results, we still want to talk, but we do it as a an answer my age here TV show, and we want to make it as a Netflix on demand. They can watch it whenever. And they have. So there's so much information available now. So you prove it produces produce it in little soundbites, the same, and people dig into what they want to dig into the same way they do at home. So there's a little bit of self realization and crafting the the role your your time at work a little bit more customized to what engages you. So it becomes a little bit more personalized as an experience. I mean, I was you know, think about like your, you know, kids today, they're on Tik Tok all day. So you have to literally define how you're going to communicate in a way that's engaging and interactive and lean forward. And it puts a different onus on leaders, we have to communicate quite differently motor and DC regional sort of regional geographical variation. And you know, in how these big both both the big questions about engagement and the sort of narrower ones about internal communications are changing. I'd say that we see the more dynamism in Asia around the use of so for example, our leaders in Asia were the first to adopt those types of different communication means but that being said, as we adopt them in Europe, in America and the American Americas, it's as relevant and we're all seeing the, the vibrant connection we having when we communicate and connect in in all these different ways. So yeah, the Latin America very, very active as well. So I think we're being pushed in and one thing they have in common is much Young. Your population at work until they see this sort of regional? Well, you know, yes, I think there's different realities in different parts of the world. And I think even inside these regions, there's different situation, depending on where you stand, which phase of your career of your life you are at. When I think about quiet quitting, one of the reason sometimes people like feel like, you know, a little less into the job than, than they were before, or they would want to be, is, you know, the difficulty to find the right balance work life, right. And I seek it out in the time of the COVID pandemic, when working from, you know, for some, it's been an improvement in on that aspect, for some reason, it was not necessarily because they didn't have enough space for working and so on. So it's difficult to really paint, you know, with with a broad brush, but one thing that I've observed is that, and I, I think we need to recognize that, in some part of the world, in Asia, in particular, sometimes the commuting may take few hours per day, working from home is a huge improvement. And it's a reality, you know, for us to recognize that hybrid model is, you know, is must be promoted. And we do absolutely embrace hybrid, meaning because it has multiple form that saying, it's up to the employee to find, you know, where, you know, you know, what works for him, or her, but we want also, anyway, a certain form of connection, a certain form of, you know, coming to the office and meet with us, just because we know, and that's, you know, there's nothing like having a human interaction, you know, face to face going for coffee, you know, or, or actually going for, you know, some of the activities that happen on campus. Now, it is also a fact that, you know, there's an improvement in quality for some that do not have to commute every day. And in some of the places it's not even a topic. Adam, to go back to something you said initially said about, that there's sort of nothing fundamentally new about disengaged employees, what is now I mean, is anything now, rather than how that happened in the pandemic? What do you are there? Are there sort of changes in that you do see as interesting, I think. So I think that in some ways, quiet quitting is the natural sequel to The Great resignation. Right? So if you look at who decided to quit during the pandemic literally quit. Right, it was mostly people who were in toxic workplaces, or had abusive bosses. And those people just ran for the hills empirically, right? Well, what happened to all the people who couldn't? What did they do? Eventually, right? After trying to change their workplaces or their situation and failing? They said, alright, you know, I'm just going to check out psychologically, a little bit. And so I think the, you know, the context of saying, Well, we're in a world that gives us more flexibility and freedom to find a better work life, I wasn't able to find that. I think that's different from what we had pre COVID. But I think underlying that is still a fundamental psychology of fairness, right? We haven't we haven't used the word fairness yet. But there's, there's a lot of evidence showing that people try to calibrate their contributions, right? They're trying to figure out, okay, given what I received from my employer, what's a fair way to reciprocate? And a lot of people feel like that balance tipped, you know, too far in the wrong direction. So, you know, during COVID, people felt like they were forced to work longer hours, they weren't necessarily given raises for doing that they were put in stressful circumstances. And so, you know, at some point, you say, Well, this is not right, you've you violated, maybe there wasn't a written contract that you violated, but you violated what's been called the site, the psychological contract. And now I'm going to basically reciprocate by saying, I'm out, I'm doing the bare minimum. And do you buy these certainly here, employers in fields like, say, journalism, complain, that their employees are drawing sort of new line, like, think a lot about work life balance, don't consider their jobs, their hobbies, I find this sort of incomprehensible, but and, you know, and and that that's sort of a fundamental social shift. Do you think that's true? I don't entirely by that it's a fundamental shift, in part, because this has happened with multiple generations. Right? So you know, everybody, at some point in their career has said, Well, I had to walk five miles or kilometers in the snow, barefoot uphill, in Davos of all places, which is torture, in order to, you know, to get where I am, and you should have to suffer the same fate. And I think every subsequent generation has put up a boundary and said, No, like, we're not going to tolerate this kind of treatment anymore. We want to break the cycle. What's different now is that we have more tools and more ways of expressing our voice. But if you look at the data, there's a psychologist, Jean Twiggy, who studies generational differences. And she says, a lot of what you think is, is a generational trend is actually an age difference. Because we're confounding the two when we look at generational differences, is it because you're a millennial or a Gen Z? Or is it because you're 23? And overwhelmingly, what we see is that people want the same things out of work from every generation, that if you see entitlement in a young workforce, guess what I If you were entitled at that age to you were just a little bit sneakier about it. So I think there's, there's probably more to say about fundamental human psychology reacting to changes in context than there is about fundamental changes in human psychology. There's a, I mean, there's an alternate point of view on this, which is that it's basically about tight labor markets. And that, you know, employees are asserting themselves, because you know, you need the more and they have more leverage. And then maybe as interest rates go up, you can stop worrying about all this stuff. And just, they'll just have to do whatever you want them to do because they need the job. And I guess I think that's particularly true in the conversation right now, we're in engineers, who have been like the most like maybe there's this incredible genre of videos that on tick tock that engineers that Silicon Valley companies make about their work day, where they bike in the mornings, and then surf and then arrive at work at 10 and make a smoothie, do a little coding and go home, at like three. And and I think, you know, I was talking to a major taxi, who said that the deal that he the question everyone has about Elon Musk is like, can he break that culture of engineers, which tech CEOs quietly hate? They would like engineers to work like other employees, but there's so much demand. And I'm curious, I don't know, how do you do to both employ engineers? Are you? How do you navigate that particular particular supply and demand relationship in that particular labor market? Yeah, I mean, half of me as workforce are engineers, and we have r&d centers around the world. And we, you know, quadrupled our team during the pandemic. And I would say that, to me, the supply demand, dynamic has shifted materially in the last, it's easier to hire. Yes, and you know, companies like Vimeo are doing layoffs. And you know, there's a, it's a, there's been a complete cultural shift in the last nine months, from what I can see, well, you know, I remember the Yeah, I mean, it was just to hire good engineering talent, it was so competitive, and you were you were throwing packages at people because you had to, I do think that's shifting. I don't think any of that changes the overall kind of opportunity that we have to engage and inspire and connect our teams to be clear, but I do think it's changing. And the way you know, we've thought about it is we are trying to be a bit more proactive about making sure that people that are at Vimeo are bought into the culture, and actively are choosing to be here give you an example. We recently did layoffs, and we offered a voluntary package for anybody who wasn't excited to be at the company to be able to actively choose to leave. And that's something I don't think I would have done a year ago, I would have been terrified of what might happen. And in our case, less than 2% of the team ticket. And so culturally, what that enables us to do is say, well, we aren't here quiet quitting, because we don't have a choice. But we are giving you a choice. And and it makes you kind of reassess why you're coming to work and what you want, and whether this company is the right fit. So I think that those types of things are going to happen more and more just because of that supply and demand shift. Do you how many? How many engineers do you employ? or 90% of our employees are, you know, it engineers. So, you know, you know, there are cycles, you know, in economy and you know, ups and downs, but I would say on the long range, there's no doubt that, you know, the demand for talent in technology will continue to be very high. So it's certainly a fantastic sector where as a young graduate, when you're, you know, starting your career, you certainly have a great perspective in front of you to expand and learn a lot of new things. For us, it's really about, you know, how do we provide them with as many opportunities to grow? Right? So, can they move from one technology to another? Can they have a mobility carrier? Right? Can they you know, aspire to, you know, take a different role or work in a different, you know, Department of the organization? Can Do they have visibility on their career progression. And I think it's an incredibly important I feel aspect of, you know, not only retaining because, you know, one of the points we talk about is you may retain the body, but not the heart with it, right. And we want both, really, but really provide a carrier opportunity, your vision, vision on how your carrier could evolve, was not so you know, far from now now, five or 10 years, but really 123 years time. So people are really, drivers actors have their own, you know, career progression. And I think it's, it's, we see that that, you know, when we are able to develop this mindset in a team, you know, there's a lot more energy and there's a lot more engagement at the end. So Martine and Adam both start at various points in that. So first, I'm an actuary by trade. So I've studied demographics. And let's not kid ourselves, the demographic pyramid is not looking in our favor in terms of having a lot of choice in the talent pool. So we need to really go beyond traditional talent pool in terms of we recruit, I think back to add on what you were saying, the employers who are the most interesting, who are caring for you will give you learning opportunities will will, will prevail, because we will have twice as many people ask today that are age 60. And over in just 20, some years from now. And therefore, the number of people who need services and the number of people who can provide them, the pyramid is completely shifting. We have many countries here in Europe, that population itself is already declining. China will be soon. So we we need to think differently about work. And one one aspect of it for us that we're we're really talking about changing from jobs to skills, and providing people with self determination, like job crafting their own skill set, little bit like if you're, if you're American, you were in the scouts, or the brownies when you were you were young yet the badges. And your badges are at the different level of competencies that you have in a vast array of, of skill, set abilities, knowledge experience, and you want to craft that in a way that you access, what's missing in your portfolio and what you're interested in. So I'm really thinking about this new ways of organizing work around skills around matching around. This is the type of project that will give you a de requires those skills and will give you these opportunities and you choose to go there. So this whole self realization determination, I think will be key to attract and keep the best. It goes with the communication and connection. But it also goes with the whole environment that you are providing as an employer because this talent pool is shrinking. Yeah, when we think about this problem of keeping the best. In particular, I'm seeing a lot of CEOs scramble and say, Okay, we've got to, we got to do exit interviews to figure out from the people who actually left right, what we can do to keep the people we want to stay. I'm a big fan of exit interviews, just one little issue, it is the dumbest time to run them. Like why would you wait until people have already committed to walk out the door to say, If only I had a time machine, I would go back to the past and convince you to stay when I would much rather see employers do our entry interviews and stay interviews. Entry interview is just asking the same questions you would normally pose it exit at the beginning of the employment relationship. Why are you here? What are you hoping to learn? Right? What are some of the best projects you've worked on? Tell me about the worst boss you've ever had. So we can try to emulate the good and avoid the bad. And then obviously not everyone's the new hire with existing people, it's your job to invest in making this a place that they would want to stick around at. Right. So in the state interview, you asked very similar questions. What has been the defining highlight of your experience here? What have been the lowlights? What made you consider quitting? And how do we make sure that doesn't happen again, and that should be an ongoing conversation, I'm gonna add one thing to that. Which is something that we've been experimenting with more that I'm optimistic about, which is also shifting the conversation from it is a top down like leaders job to create and solve this problem. And actually, make it a culture and it's your team, you all together are part of finding the solution. And what I found is like, instead of me being like, you know, let me interview you, and you tell me what's not working and, you know, sort of becomes an opportunity to complain and displace the joint responsibility. And what we found is we've actually gotten like some of our most tenured and engaged employees to get up and do in our town halls panels and talk about what they're doing to drive more culture and improve Vimeos culture. And I found that to be like, quite a powerful way to take us away from an us versus them mentality, and, and just sort of double down on the fact that we are a collective and collectively, like we're building a better company, you know, just sort of listening to how you think about this and looking at those kind of wealth goals. It feels like they're kind of two slightly different approaches to kind of disengagement question one of which is essentially progressive workplace values, the you know, the weft stuff is really entirely about treating people well paying them encouraging diversity, sort of, you know, things that could apply to any company. And then the other is about mission and about in some sense, you know, the kind of Elon Musk approach like we want people who are so hardcore that they don't care that you know, there's toilet paper in the bathroom and their salaries are paid on time. And in to me those things feel a little bit intention actually sort of missed chin versus these very abstract questions about fairness and employment. And, you know, and I think, you know, there's some, you'll sometimes see people say they think that the mission stuff is sort of a con, and sort of a trick by employers stick to, you know, to so that they don't have to do these things. And I'm curious if you see those things, intention, if you see them as the same. I've never thought about them intention. I just think they're both two sides of the coin, you know, you have to pay people and treat them well. And you are, you should be incented to do that, because that's how they will do their best work, which will then lead to the best business results. But I think that the reality is, I think you said it, like, it's not just your body, it's your heart, and you will get so much better work out of somebody if they feel part of the culture and mission. So I think these are kind of all necessary things for us as leaders. And my bet is that the mission side over the next kind of couple of years, will become even more important. And I agree, like different for differentiating employer brands, I think it's going to become really critical. And just we'll take questions on that. So please think of questions. And, Ben, if I can jump on that every week. Actually, I have a used to be kind of breakfast, but now you're doing it virtually right. It allows you to have people from different places around the world, but really different level of the organization, 15 people one hour, just a no agenda and nothing is just a normal discussion, like you would have, you know, the cafeteria. What, what I, what I find striking is that the number one reason for the people to really be happy at Wipro is the fact that they know that at Wipro two thirds of the equity ownership goes to a philanthropy trust. So it means that they know that every time we drive growth and profitability, it goes to actions, philanthropic activities in the world. And they can take pride of that. And I think, if I take a bit of distance from that, I believe that of course, I agree with you, at the end of the day, you know, they need to be well paid, and they need to be well treated and all of that. But they aspire to something more, they aspire to something that give a sense to the part of their life. It's not all their life, they have life outside of the office, of course, but they spend so much time whether they work from home or not, by the way, they spend so much time for the company, they prefer to have a company that is really focusing on having an impact in the world. And so for me, it really goes back to the question of the culture, the sense of what you're doing, and why. Obviously, if you narrow and go one level down, it could be about you know, truly understanding why what you're doing every day, which may be a task or a selection of tasks has a fundamental impact for someone else. And I think again, it is really articulating the reasons, the drivers that give a sense to what we are doing. I think, as always, our people are, you know, wonderful. They have the right attitude, they want to do good. But they don't necessarily always know how this is our job to make sure they do. Yeah, I think we have to be very careful when you know when we cultivate and also attract people with a sense of purpose, that we don't end up taking advantage of that. And I think in the wrong hands mission can be used as a device for exploitation, right? There's research on what's called the passion tax, which is the idea that if I love my job, my manager is more likely then to stick me with unrewarded. Unthank work to dump meaning menial tasks on me to basically asked me to do extra work in my free time without any compensation. And I don't think that people who love their jobs and are deeply passionate about their work should be taxed for that right, that should be rewarded is supposed to be its own compensation. Yeah, I mean, it's right, that you should, you should thank us that we're giving you the chance to experience this joy and meaning, right. You know, that is my view about being a reporter. But these beats working for a living. But I realized it's a minority view. And I try not to tell my employees because they, they don't really buy that. The Yeah, I think we have time with that. 10 minutes for some questions. Is there a microphone floating around? Or should people just we have a microphone I want in the front row here. So please just keep them tight. So so we talked about two hypotheses for the post pandemic relationship between employers and talent. One was that nothing is different. The other is that it's because of tight labor markets. Can I throw out a third hypothesis and just ask for your perspectives on it? Third hypothesis is that we're dealing with an environment in which a lot of people experienced serious trauma, death and Um, professional hardship, you know, they didn't know what doing good job look like, we dumped a lot on them during the pandemic. And that must be different. I mean, our parents didn't have two years of trauma, you know. So something must be different about that. I don't know. That's just a question. But then that was a question. Close enough. Anyway, I think it's a really important observation. I think the jury is still out. I think on the one hand, there's a there's a strong case that what we are seeing, in some cases is is a trauma response. We know that levels of grief, loneliness, burnout, distress, right, all the psychological symptoms of the pandemic did spike in the early days. What's surprising, though, to a lot of people is that that was a shorter blip than many of us have assumed, right. So if you look at the data in the US and UK, for example, by the summer of 2020, there was a pretty significant rebound. And even some cases of post traumatic growth, right people saying, I have taken this as an occasion to, you know, to reevaluate my work and my life. And now I have more meaning I have stronger connections. And so I'm not sure how that's going to play out in the long run. I think the other the other sort of piece of data that speaks to this a little bit on this being a trauma response is, if we look at what most employees have gone through globally, what we see is that many, many people have have said, Okay, this is a watershed event for me a little bit like 911 was in the US, and I now have higher expectations of my employer. And when those are met unmad, then I'm even more likely than to disengage. But I think fundamentally, when we look at the psychology of trauma responses, we see that there's a huge range, right? So in any given traumatic event, about 15% of or 20% of people will face PTSD. And then many, many people will bounce back, quite a few will bounce forward. And I think it is too early to tell right now, what COVID is going to look like. But there is good evidence that when people have to start their careers in difficult circumstances, they end up long term more grateful to have a job, they end up more satisfied with their work. This is Emily Bian case research. And this is another way that employers can take advantage of employees. Right, you are so lucky to have this terrible job. But I think that, you know, in the long run, if this is a trauma response, one of the reset effects it's going to have is leading people to say, you know, what, I should not take for granted having decent employment. I think that okay, from for most it was not that traumatic. Apart from you realize there was a different way to work, you realize there was for some in industries that were highly impacted and realize they're in vulnerable types of industries, and very often at the lower end of the pay range. That might have been more of a trauma in terms of what am I doing here? Why, and you're you've seen a lot of people quitting those industries. But in the main for people, it was more rare realization that of all that's happening outside of their worksite, because they were working from home seeing the kids come in, you know, from school, or doing their schooling or their spouse and how their spouse we're living their daily lives. And even just eating in your kitchen, which I've never done for like for 35 years. All kinds of different things that you say, is there a different way to live this life to this work life in particular, that will give me a little bit more of both. And we're trying to establish hybrid types of working. It's a grand experiment we haven't we haven't cracked that nut. I don't think just yet. There's certainly something quite interesting in that to address this reality, that grand realization that such a huge portion of the population have had that lives can be lived a little bit differently. Thank you, great discussion, Julia Hobsbawm, then our office project and the workshift column for Bloomberg. How optimistic or pessimistic Are you that the C suites can in fact step up to the plate when the evidence would suggest that they haven't? The metrics pre pandemic with stress and low productivity showed they didn't get the memo, the $400 billion annual spend on leadership development training that doesn't appear to have worked through, etc. And of course, the demographic that the C suites are not made up of Gen Zed, who are fast accelerating. So how optimistic or pessimistic Are you that you can be cloned at scale in the boardrooms around the world? Can we clap? Sure. Yeah. I'm quite optimistic. But I do agree we have to have this is why I say we talked about rescaling of the workforce I think we need to re skilling of leaders period and and whether that means generationally or not. We have to show up for Employees differently the way we inspire them and create culture has to be different. The way we communicate and form has to be different. But I, you know, to me, there's just an intentionality that any any of us as leaders we can do, but it takes change, it takes being self aware, it takes adopting new mediums and technologies, and trying things that, you know, your PR comms team is going to tell you absolutely don't do that. Right. And they're gonna say, right, the, say, the script, and then you're gonna realize, well, if I want to be authentic for my employees, they need to feel like they're having a conversation with a real person. And so I think it's going to take courage, and experimentation. But, you know, I think maybe the good news for us is we don't really have a choice. And employees are going to demand it, and ultimately, for us to deliver on the bottom line have to have impact from our teams. So I think the incentives are aligned, which is why I'm optimist, I would absolutely echo what you just said, I absolutely agree. So I certainly share the same optimism. I think we are learning, you know, by experience, or by experimenting, I would say also, I think at the end of the day, you know, I think it's a life lesson as well, you know, we need to recognize that, you know, industry companies can no longer be as vertical as they were right? That people want to be empowered, that they want to, you know, keep the choice. So they are not going to do it because they have to, but because they believe in it. And so I think every we need to reflect on the fact that, you know, we need to build to build the world for for them, I often think about the 31 years old average employee of Wipro, who's 20 plus years younger than me, and, you know, do I understand them? How do we make sure that we understand them? How do we make sure that we really understand how they see the world versus how we see the world? And what you know, and we often have discussion with our leadership, and, you know, the, what we call the middle management, who are, you know, in different level of the organization to really see, you know, where, where, where are the gaps in understanding, I take a simple example, which is quite basic, and yet, always, you know, destabilizing for some leaders is the younger, don't read emails. And we have time maybe for one or two more questions with no, we do not people are making this gesture. Sorry, folks. Well, thank, thank you all, so, so much for participating in this. It was, I feel like I got a lot of good advice. And I was, you know, it's interesting, I think I was expecting to hear that you were seeing huge differences regionally and globally. And it really sounds like the workplace culture is really globalized to a pretty remarkable degree. Yeah, so I will take all the good advice you've given back to my tiny company, but thank you. Thank you. Thank you all for coming. 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A warm welcome to our session Ukraine. What next? My name is Marek ducek. I'm with the World Economic Forum. We just heard from the first lady of Ukraine in the plenary in it could not be a more pivotal time to be here to really see how the international community can not only keep up the support for Ukraine, but to do more. So in less than four weeks, it will have been one year since the onset of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which has resulted in 10s of 1000s of deaths and acute refugee crisis with over 7 million Ukrainians having fled their country and nearly 5 million displaced within its borders. Beyond the tragic loss of life and humanitarian crisis facing the country, the war has uprooted the country's economy and society. Ukraine's government has forecast the economy to have shrunk by more than 30% in 2020 to the sharpest economic contraction in the country's independent history. And a significant budget deficit has put immense strain on Ukraine's finances and monetary policy. The country's infrastructure remains under constant bombardment, causing shortage of shortages of electricity, water and energy. Ukraine's private sector before the war accounted for 70% of GDP. The government now estimates that more than 11% of businesses have shut down, and more than half of all enterprises operate below 75% of production capacity. According to the government, 5 million jobs have been lost, equivalent to 30% of total pre war employment against all arts, the state continues to carry out its function and duties, and the economy overall has fared better than expected. So today, we have an August battle with us today to really help us understand the latest situation on the battlefield militarily, the urgent humanitarian crisis and needs of the Ukrainian people, how the public and private sectors are coping, as well as the country's long term reconstruction and its place within Europe. So I mentioned the no gas panel. So let me introduce my colleagues here on the panel. It's my pleasure to welcome here, you will ask you Leah's very Denko First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine a warm welcome to you. Yes, thank you. Alexei Cheverny shelf Chief Executive Officer Naftogaz in Ukraine. A warm welcome. The last Kinari minister for development, cooperation and foreign trade of Finland. Welcome. Odile Francois Reno buzzsaw president, European Bank for Reconstruction and Development warm welcome. And last but not least, your cookies, State Secretary Federal Chancellery of Germany. Madam Deputy Prime Minister, let me start with you. If you could first, just tell us the latest situation in your country, because militarily but also what are the immediate needs that the international community and as you know, here, we have also a lot of business leaders over 1500 business leaders are here in at the annual meeting in Davos, and we have a lot of people that are watching us why via webcast. So if you could please tell us what is the latest situation in your country? That would be great. Thank you. Thank you for this question. So actually, the name of this panel, what next for Ukraine, actually, its success. Because we're discussing future. It's mean that everybody understand that Russia won't achieve that goal. And we definitely when this works, so it's very hot, of course, to speak about future right now. When Ukraine is under the constant missiles strikes like we witnessing this weekend. The big massive attack on residential building Ebro. So it means that all questions related to what is the future for Ukraine. We'll start with a question, what can be additional support for military for weapon for the heavy heavy weapon for Ukraine are now just to speed up the victory and to start the rebuilding, reconstruction and to return back on refuges that you mentioned at the beginning. So for now, the situation is following where keep fighting, we are asking our partners, allies to provide us with additional additional weapons with a heavy weapon, armaments, everything to squeeze Russia from Ukrainian territory. Second thing, we are able and willing to discuss peaceful formula that will launch by the president Lansky, and we'll announce them today First Lady also mentioned, peaceful formula in her speech. So it's very important right now to move from the, from the paper to practical implementation, and to take to take responsibility. And it's our task, it's for our partners to find exact country that will take executive responsibility over some steps of this beautiful formula. And of course, last year, we achieved macro, relatively relatively macro economic stability, together with our partners was I Ofice. And we talked a lot about strategy of possible recovery strategy of recovery during the wartime. So now I need to move from the strategy to the concrete projects, concrete project for recovery and reconstruction, as you mentioned, it absolutely agree with you. So it's a big humanitarian catastrophe that 7 million Ukrainians are living abroad, and it named like refugees, but for us, it's not the refugees because it's temporary, displaced people, as majority of them, 90% would like to return back to Ukraine. So what we need to discuss right now with our is our partners, what kind of solution could be fine for business, to encourage them to start business in Ukraine to come to participate in early recovery. So to achieve this goal, to return our people back. And so that's why it's, I think the Ukrainian shows resilience during this war time, and just seeing that Ukrainian business or social this resilience, and it's such kind of characteristic of Ukrainian that can help foreign investment to come and to feel comfortable and to achieve their goals. So that's why our idea is, first of all, to stress on the necessity to provide this additional military support. And, of course, to find some additional tools was our IFRS. Partners, how we can facilitate Ukrainian business to develop an account how we can facilitate foreign investment to come to Ukraine, even now, with different mechanisms such as insurance for the war risks, for example, or some additional finance that can be provided. Thank you. Can I just have a small follow up question on the peace formula? Yes, the First Lady spent quite a long time on it in her speech. I think she also mentioned if I understood correctly, that Ukraine is working with as many countries as it can to develop it or implement it. Could you just elaborate a little bit on the process. So at the end of February is going to be a special session of United Nation. When the President when the President does, Lenski will discuss how it will might implement together with our partners, this peaceful former. So it means that where we would like to participate in the implementation of this peaceful format, as much a country as much countries as it possible for all those countries that are searching for a peace for Ukraine and able to participate, because some for example, agri food security, everybody understand that it's very practical issue. And it's about blocking other seaports. It's about transportation routes about stock warehouses. So that's why we think that it's 10 very obvious steps that can bring this idea is to find partners that will take responsibility over some of these steps. So together was Ukraine to provide us with this additional guarantee for implementation, this peaceful format. Very interesting. Thank you. Let me move to Mr. Charney shelf, you're heading an energy company. We have seen Ukraine's infrastructure come under severe attack, particularly since October. Nonetheless, you said last week that engineers together with local authorities and utility workers have restored more than 55% of energy infrastructure facilities destroyed or damaged by Russia. It's quite impressive, given the circumstances, could you just give us a sense of what is the extent of the damage that your country's energy infrastructure has undergone? And how are you working to restore access to ensure that the economy can function to the largest extent possible, just to give us a little bit of a sense of the damage and the landscape overall on energy? Yes, absolutely. First of all, good afternoon to everybody. I thank you All of you for visiting this important panel for all of us, as it has been set on the wall World Economic Forum, their ambition and commitment to improve the state of this world. I think this improvement month might start from Ukraine. And from our historical moment that we are facing together, all of us this is not only Ukrainian issue, and our allies are demonstrating it constantly. That is the challenge for all civilized world right now. And I believe we're going to cope with it. Coming back to energy situation. This is a full scale war, especially starting after October 10. Russians has started actively targeting critical infrastructure. Moreover, civilian critical infrastructure. Their target is to deprive Ukrainians, from heating, water, gas, and other utilities. The target is to break Ukrainian spirit, the strategy will not work. This will only strengthen Ukrainian strengthen Ukrainian spirit to fight and to prevail. Right now, our short term short term task is to survive, to go through the winter. This means more gas. This means more energy, more generators, more decentralized energy, guarantee and supply. And moreover, we should go ahead and win this war. In terms of the repairs that we are doing, we're doing them constantly, every day as we are being actively attacked. And in this way, we have also done a lot of things within decentralized, decentralized supply of energy. And we are planning to increase. Using this opportunity, I would like to thank you to our international allies and partners who support us in this way. And this is critical and very important for Ukraine. Of course, we are still targeting to get more gas during the course of this winter, we are targeting targeting to gas more generation equipment to get more energy. And we expect more losses in this area that is clear. And later on, we plan to reconstruct the whole system and to make it as modern as possible, as green as possible and as decarbonized as possible. But this will happen after the war. Our main task right now is to win this war and to prevail in this war. Thank you so much, Alexei, if you don't mind just to give us give us a sense. For example, if you are living now in Kyiv, or with how much electricity Do you have? Is it is it unless there is bombardment you have electricity or are there outages that's just to give a sense of people's lives in Ukraine now. So the ordinary life in KEF might look in the way that you might have been shortened in electricity. Four to six hours per day, might be more depending on the situation with agreed to really possibilities. It's not like constantly like this, but the most of the days we have certain shortages with electricity, we are fixing our energy system. But we all should understand the repairment the repairing of energy system is more a duct tape repairing type. So we should really restructure and reconstructed after the war, once a disposable but we should be proud of our infrastructure workers and employees and communal services employees who are doing all these repairs. Under the constant shelling bullets and other risk of life. We have secured 300,000 of Donbass residents in Donetsk region right now, with natural gas supply. It's a very hard job to do. Very risky. But this is our target. We want to prevail. We want to win this war. And we will go ahead. Thank you. And one more thing on the private sector front. So we talk a lot of I will talk about it later. Public Private for reconstruction long to reconstruction. But is there a role for private sector actors now in providing immediate needs, particularly around energy or in general and isn't happening? Could you give us some examples? In in business wise, from private sector company? Yeah, of course. It's a huge potential in Ukraine. It might sound ridiculous during the war, and of course, it's, you should consider risk potential. But still, the reconstruction of the country might require prior But equity to flow into the country. And the governmental support from Ukraine and other countries would also motivate private equity to invest into Ukraine. In terms of energy, of course, our task is to achieve energy independence level, within the gas production, we plan to increase gas production already this year significantly, as well as constructing of decentralized energy supply. All these fields would require significant equity investor investors. But we should consider this in this moment, of course, under the umbrella of appropriate guarantees from from the international society that would guarantee these kinds of private equity investment. Thank you so much. Turning to the Alaskan IRA, your minister for development, cooperation and foreign trade of Finland, you just visited Ukraine. So first, what is your assessment? Militarily, if you can share in terms of what you saw, but also then, again, those immediate needs? And you are from Finland? So it's an EU country as well. So are there things you think Europe can do even more that you learned there that we should be thinking about in Europe so that we can again, help right now? More? The Ukrainian people? Well, first of all, thank you so much for, for having me here. Yes, I did visit Kyiv and Ukraine a week ago. And I was very impressed when it comes to resilience and, and bravery of Ukrainian people, especially in the face of these recent strikes on critical infrastructure. For Finland, of course, the support of Ukraine has been very important. And it's been very significant. And we distributed family housing for families, in the region of Kyiv, to Ethiopia. And we also worked hard for energy supplies, differently equipped equipment generators, by our rescue services. And of course, it's been very important that we've been able to act quickly fast. And we've been able to distribute. And of course, Finland is very committed to continue our support together with our European Union allies and with our international allies as well. When it comes to reconstruction, well, of course, I want to underline and the most important thing is to act now, when the need is there. For Finland, it's been altogether last year only. And as you know, we've been supporting Ukraine since 2014. Last year, only more than 300 million Euros including materials, support humanitarian, and all equipments, everything included. But of course, then we have to look at the our European commitment, our development financing together with our global entities, if you like. And therefore it's so important that for instance, here today, we are together, to look at the way how we operate, how we coordinate with what kind of emphasis we work. And of course, the most important thing is to have a dialogue with you, Ukrainians, decision makers, everybody, the people that what are the real needs, and that's why we really, really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Moving to Madame Vinoba, Seoul, so you're heading an extremely important organization in terms of, of course, reconstruction development globally, and you're playing such an important role in Ukraine. If my numbers are correct, here, you've deployed 1.7 billion euros and a further 200 million mobilized from partner banks to support the real economy in Ukraine through investments in vital infrastructure, energy, food security, trade, and support for the private sector. A lot of people talk about we need an a Marshall Plan for Ukraine. So tell us a little bit about because I'm you have of course people also that are working with you on the ground. So what is the role EBRD is playing right now in terms of these immediate needs, but also crucially, then, if we say this is a Marshall Plan for Ukraine, obviously we are in the 21st century. So what are the things you're working on and what would be things that are may be different things we should be paying attention to, to make it really relevant for And then not only rebuilding but building a modern economy in the 21st century Ukraine. So thank you. But I think as it has already been said, What is very, very important is to support Ukraine now. And indeed, we need to prepare for Reconstruction and to think about it and to get organized about it. But I think that the more we do now, the better of it, first of all, is the more to give to the country to win the war. And the less we will have to do in reconstruction. And in a way it's not, I think we are in an environment, which is we already start to reconstruct, reconstruct everything we do in terms of emergency repair, since the attack on the key infrastructure have started in October, is I mean, starting already to reconstruct, of course, we will have to do much more later on. But really providing support now is absolutely key. At EBRD. Because we are a bank, focusing mainly on the private sector, what we've done this year is really to focus on the real economy, how what we can do, effectively, to support the real economy. So the key infrastructure to keep going and we provided financing to buy gas very early on to support the electricity network company. And we provided now 300 450 million financing to the company this year. And including emergency repair, in order to help them to buy generators to buy the material they need in order to fix as quickly as possible, the infrastructure, but also the railway company, and also a lot of focus on the private sector foods, I mean, in the agribusiness working directly with the our clients there, but also in reshaping with the banking system. What is absolutely amazing. And I was in Ukraine before, I mean, in October, is the fact that everything continues to function. I mean, I mean, we all think about we see they're very, very, I mean, devastating destruction and so forth. But when you think that the banking sector, the whole other branch opened in the country, for clients, and I mean, everything function. So it's a delta, of course they need support. But I mean, the resilience is really impressive. And so that's what we've been doing. And other ifs have been focusing more on budget support, because the government needs money because of the collapse of tax revenues, because other GDP shrinking, and also additional expenditure related to the wall. So but so there is a bit good complementarity there. I think what we need to continue to do that, and we are committed to do this, going next year, we've been able to do that, thanks to donors and shareholder support, because for a bank, it's very challenging to it's a high level risk, we we are financing clients who may have been for investment they are doing which may be destroyed the day after. So their capacity to repay is not is not I mean, very clear. But we are we have been able to take this risk. And we take half of the risk on our balance sheet and we get donor support for the remaining 50%. And it has been a huge international effort because we got 1.21 point 3 billion of donor support from EU countries, the US I mean all our shareholders. And that has been very important. And I think it's important to acknowledge also also the level of support received by men and middle mobilisation for Ukraine. And that has been very important to keep going this year and continuing to do that will be important in the future. One important dimension in the reconstruction will be the reform agenda. And we are continuing Of course, in the war. I mean, you focus on the emergency. So the deep structural reform are much more difficult to undertake. But it's important to say now, we are still working a lot with our clients, for example, in the SOE sector to ensure that good governance is there that you have good governing body, international members for international and international standards for the governing board members and so forth. And this is something we remain very demanding. And we will continue to do so because it's the key to ensure that the money we invest is well expand, that we continue to fight corruption and so forth. And moving forward, I think that we will have to continue to work and this will be part of the Marshall Plan was a reconstruction plan to bring in continuous transformation of the country, improve the efficiency of public administration, even if they have the, in the context of the war. There has been a huge effort, you know, for example, we haven't I mean, I think the Ukrainian administration now ahead of a lot of developed countries in digitalization and so forth. So they have strategy still ongoing now, but this will be part of the of the agenda, one An important element of also integral construction will be coordination, to have good coordination. And now I think the g7 has set put in place a coordination structure with, with Ukrainian, we are with other RFIs. I've also developed sort of, and with the Ukrainian government, they've put in place called operational coordination structure in order to be sure that we are all moving in the same direction using I mean, best, the best qualities of each of us in order to be the most effective possible on the ground. Thank you so much. Moving to Germany, is to cookies, your state secretary Federal Chancellor of Germany, if I understand it correctly, you are advising on the economy to the chancellor in that function, but also on us affairs. Yes, yes. Okay. So you, of course, you had g7 presidency. Overall, if you can also just from Germany's perspective, how do you see Germany and Europe is responding to the immediate needs of the Ukrainian people? And then I would also like to get your perspective on, of course, reconstruction now, but what are the elements that would make it number one relevant for your grain, but also, then making it building blocks of a modern economy in the future? So again, for the 21st century? Okay, so question could fill in whole evening, evening, so I'll try to answer it briefly. I think the two things that were vital in terms of the work that we did at the g7 level, and the European level, was on the one side, the sanctions regime imposed by the g7. in record time, I still remember the time between the shock of the night of the 24th of February, but then immediately starting to think about what can we do to three to freeze the 300 billion of st central bank assets, because we had seen some indications in the week before that money was being withdrawn. And we said, we have to before before the weekend ends, we have to cut that channel of repatriation of funds. That's the biggest damage we can do in the shortest amount of time on the Russian war machine. So the fact that we were able not only to decide within the g7 on the policy, but also in the European Union of the 27th, on legislative acts that we passed, like literally 10 minutes before midnight, from Sunday to Monday to make this effective. That was probably the the first big rallying call to show we are very, very united. And then, of course, the elements of the sanction regime number 123, that are less discussed, I think, are now seeing the damage they are extracting on the Russian war machine, you know, the ban on all kinds of semiconductor exports, the ban on all exports of dual use goods, I think, is really hurting Russia's ability to restock and is really causing damage in Russia, there was a lot of skepticism at the beginning about how effective this was. But, you know, the sanctions regime. And we always said it's not going to work immediately. But we're seeing now that the the toll being extracted is very severe. I'm also on, on energy, the fact that we were able to rid ourselves of first of Russian coal, and then of Russian oil now of Russian gas, I think, yes, Gazprom will make a lot of money looking back in 22. But the sources of revenue in 23 are getting less and less the fact that we've now have a hard cap on Russian oil, the fact that we are not importing any molecules in Germany, very few molecules in the rest of Europe, that will very strongly impact adversely the the ability of Russia to finance this this war operation. So in that sense, I think in terms of how did we respond, I think it's it was quite forceful. One of the one of the biggest moments I had in the in the last year was in May, when I accompanied Chancellor Olaf Schultz, and presidents McCall and Draghi and Yohannes, together with President Solinsky announced the candidacy status of Ukraine while the support of those of the four countries for the candidate status and as you know, there was a lot of controversy at the time about this question within the European Union and the fact that in Kyiv, they announced it basically solved the questions three days later, the European Union made the decision unanimously so in that sense, that was also I think, a very important impetus because it goes exactly in the direction of what the deal was saying. What is important for private sector investment. The fact that the European Union has now said we will give candidacy status assures every investor that in the next five years, whatever amount it takes of time, it takes all of the rule of law questions, all the questions of concern to private sector, investors are being incentivized, in a massive way, by the sort of alignment that there will be on on coming to the, to the key of the European Union. So I think that is both important for Ukraine, per se, as striving to the European Union, but also for investors and incentivizing this investment. Because it gives you a very clear path into a the all of the legal requirements, but also a lot of the funding that will become available as the proximity to between Ukraine and the European Union gets closer and closer. Thank you so much. I like to go back to the deputy prime minister, because a number of you mentioned the private sector. So what are your plans in terms of reforms over the private sector? As part of the broader reconstruction effort? Could you tell us a little more about what you're planning there? For private sector? Yes, so for private sector, I mentioned before, we're working out insurance mechanism that will allow them to invest in Ukraine during the wartime. So it's actually it's a new mechanism. Previously, something Come on It was previously during the world like Saudi Saudi years, or 40 years ago. So now we were asked export credit agency and Liga and DFC just to review their portfolio of the products and proposed the product products that will, will satisfy this company willing to invest in Ukraine, right now, during the war time to think it was a deal. So we need to invest now, in that way that the the wall will be finished. So for for other things said, we keep providing corporate corporate governance reform. And now we have in this Supervisory Board of Nagas, where we think that we will set up a new Supervisory Board of Naftogaz, that will be the interviewing, we'll be finishing there, the whole procedure will be finished by the end of this week. And the next week, there is going to be new supervisory board. It's important because something else is a vital company for our energy system. So it's, and we will keep keep going to provide them lounge carpet garments. So also another plans is deregulation, for Ukrainian business and foreign business. And for there are some, there was some ideas and the discussion about the tax reform. But I think that for now, what we need to eat just to keep the macroeconomic stability. But now because if you look at that our expenditure 50% of our expenditure is caused by our partners, and 50 percentage of our expenditure is, is covered by Ukrainian business, by the revenue and taxes that we collect inside of countries. So that's why we need to keep Ukrainian company operating. And that's why we will, together with our IFRS providers, different programs. First of all, it's access to finance. And it's an insurance. This is the main thing that should be on the table right now during the wartime to persuade Ukrainian the business continue working and to persuade foreign companies come to Ukraine during the wartime and start business. As you know, our president said the Ukraine exactly on the second day of the victory will become the mecca for investments. So that's why we you know, the hill was stressed that for this company willing to come and work exactly on the next day, they should start it right now to make the preliminary studies to make some additional analysis not to wait time and to gain the biggest opportunity on the next day after the victory. Madam Deputy Prime Minister, one more thing we haven't talked too much about the social aspect of the societal aspect of the of the needs that the Ukrainians have. Of course, it's tragic for children, there is always the risk of really losing the traction you need to have with children on education, health care, etc. So could you just give us a sense of the needs and also what kind of considerations you have around that societal tissue of Ukraine? Also for the reconstruction I'm maybe it's already part of some of the Those discussions that you're having with partners. So for social needs, I will say, I think that the big challenge for us is going to be unemployment rate, unemployment rate related to the fact that 77 million Ukrainians are living abroad right now. And it's majority of them 90%. It's a it's a, our labor that will we're actively engaged in, in Ukrainian economy, so we need to return them back, and unemployment rate inside of countries. So if you look at that number, so but National Bank of Ukraine, estimates estimate so at a certain percentage of unemployment rate, but it means that 4.6 million Ukrainians can, searching for a job and not able to find, but this numbers consists of 2.6 million out of country, and that are willing to come right now and to work in 2 million inside of countries. So that's why what we're trying to do right now, it's, we understand that we rely a lot on our partners and Bucha should show that we also know we're trying to limit our costs and where, you know, decrease them, expenditure for the unemployment fees, what we're trying, we're trying to stimulate people to work and we are great it called army of recovery. So for those Ukrainians willing to work and participate in the recovery on this early stage, or to help Regional State Administration to participate in in the preparation, the heat and season, they can join this army of recovery. It's also governmental program, that the main idea is just to to provide them with the proper job places for Ukrainians willing to work. So the main idea right now it's for those one that unable to find a job to provide it was an army of recovery, producers who have intrapreneurship skills to provide some guarantees financial and granting from the government to set up or enlarge their business analytics, extremely popular program right now. In Ukraine, it's we have performed for just for several months is 16,000 application from Ukrainians that previously had in working experience in business, just willing right now to set up or enlarge the activity during the war time. So we're like a government just need to provide people with opportunity to work and to develop their skills during the wartime because residential, restore restoring of the residential building. And we're grateful for the partners that provide us with different to construction and workplace in the factors that influence Ukrainians to return back or to stay in Ukraine and to fight by the end. Thank you. We just go quick reaction, because we're coming to an end. But just from Alexei you. The Deputy Prime Minister mentioned, of course, unemployment. So obviously there is war, people are fleeing. There's a lot of disruption. I have talked to some executives in Ukraine, and I know how much big companies are also part of the picture. So I'm just interested, for example, your employees, how are you dealing with the fact that maybe some of them are displaced? How do you? How do you take care of them? First of all, I'm very proud or for our employees. I think the role of Ukrainian right now is the direct service to your country. You can do it either on the battlefield or in the service. You can you could you should serve to your people. That is why we have some parts of our employees on the front line. And the rest in the office. Of course, we have some pot that have left the country. We all understand it. There are different circumstances. Many of them have come back already. And I'm really proud of it. I know many of our personnel is actively working under the shelling and constant risk to their life. And they're doing it absolutely voluntarily with open heart and mind. And I'm sure that this strategy of breaking the spirit of Ukrainians will never work. And Ukrainians will go ahead that is a very important and historical moment for us. The next enemy, Ukraine should fight is internal enemy, which is definitely lies in the area of anti corruption, corporate governance, reforms, agenda, judicial reform, all the factors that are desperately needed to this country regardless of the war. Let us remember, did Ukraine suffer From equity shortage before the war, yes, we still were looking for international investment for IFRS, TOCOM, and others. And it didn't work in the way we want it. We should perform reforms agenda as soon as possible. And we cannot wait until the war is over. We should do it right now. Because once once the war is over, no one is willing to invest in the country, which is not reformed. And we're doing it right now. I used to be the member of Ukrainian government for the last three years. And I can tell you that you create Ukrainian government work 24/7. During the war, no, Governor, no mayor of Ukraine left, left the country left the job is very important. And we can perform during the war, we can do reforms during the war. And maybe it is the best moment to do because during the war, the situation is black and white, you should win you should survive. That means you should do reforms right now you do it immediately. So once you prevail, the country is more capable and more interface oriented for the international investment. Thank you so much. We have two minutes left. So quick reactions going back to you minister Skinner era. So I happen to come from a country that then became part of the EU and I still remember the tremendous momentum that the accession process created unprecedented momentum and the history of my country. So I just wonder how you look from Helsinki. Now, Ukrainian is an EU country to the future of the relationship between the EU and Ukraine. What would be your hopes? Or how do you view it from Helsinki overall, on that relationship? Finland, Sweden, Austria becoming members 1995. I still remember that well, a lot of ambitiousness a lot of implementation. But as I said here earlier rule of law reforms. Of course, there is a roadmap, there is a roadmap and everything is doable. And, for instance, Finland has supported Ukraine with the expertise and know how for rule of law. So all these elements are doable. And of course, we really hope that we can see these reforms in action. But the most important thing is the spirit commitment of the country. Its people and this is a maker. So of course, European Ukraine is the goal that we would like to see. Thank you. Maybe the same question to you, Mr. Cookies? Well, I mean, I think Ukraine has huge potential. I mean, the the amount of skill and talent and natural resources available in Ukraine should make every investor interested in the country. I mean, we're seeing that in the temporarily displaced people, there is no country of origin of people coming to Germany, who are as keen to learn the language to work with skills as developed, even though they know they only want to stay in Germany, the vast majority for a few months, a year or two, they still if you talk to German industry Federation's they're very keen to employing citizens from the Ukraine as soon as it's possible. And usually it's, it works very well. And all of the companies from Germany, investing in the Ukraine already are saying, as soon as the rule of law issues are resolved, the quality of the the skills in the Ukrainian population is enormous. The labor participation rates is enormous the amount of space and natural resources and energy in terms of renewable power of the Ukraine is immense. So in that sense, I can only agree and of course, the the integration into the EU will bring a lot of structural funds and, and support mechanisms that will that will speed that up as the process towards towards EU extension happens. So in that sense, I think all all stars are aligned in that sense. And then don't forget, we have now as of December last year, the the international multi agency donors platform set up so the we now have a forum for all of the international and global support mechanisms. And we were very conscious when we set this up at the Berlin Conference together with the European Union and the g7. To crowd in private investors. So all of you from the private sector. Please look at this platform very carefully because we want to crowd in private capital alongside all of the government money to set up in incentives for the reform process. And of course, also the investment process. Thank you. And just finishing our discussion today, with Madonna buzzsaw. EBRD, has played such a major role in transforming again, Eastern Europe and other economies, I followed your work very closely. And when economists then graduate from your programs, it's also a signal or a sign of, of, you know, they're in a good place already. And so if you look to the future as if you were to look to the graduation there, what makes you just in very briefly, what makes you hope for when you look at the, the landscape of Ukraine and outside military risks, of course, also, what would be the things that you would maybe point to in terms of risks as advice, so that, then, really, you see and yet another big successful program being wrapped up in Ukraine in the future over two. Now, first, I foolishly the idea that the fact that the war has really sort of transformed in a way to government, and if the efficiency of the institution and so in the current under huge pressure, and the need really to deliver, things are functioning much better than they used to be. And I mean, I mean, some issues that really been addressed. So I think that's a very positive place to be. And I agree that the European perspective and European accession process will be a key driver in terms of further reform, rule of law, governance, and so forth. And this should really big this will really be the basis for transforming the transformation of the country, I think that the reconstruction will be a huge opportunity for investors, because I mean, that and there has been some, some have some meeting with Foreign investors in different countries where you see the appetite to I mean, if a contraction means a lot of activity, and so forth, so that but what is important also is investment in the country, and not only to rebuild, but also to develop activity there. And there, there is a huge potential, we will need to think about specific instrument and I think everything you mentioned about, you know, insurance and so forth, because probably still in the reconstruction phase, there may be some remaining uncertainties or risk that needs to be covered, better, but I'm pretty sure that this could really be a big driver in gross rebound and more prosperity for Ukraine. Thank you. With that advice, we are concluding our session today, in a way, what we've just did here, we were talking about the immediate needs, but also at the same time investing in the future. That's frankly, the philosophy of the annual meeting this year, the dual vision of navigating 2023, but also simultaneously investing for the long term. So thank you so much, in particular, thanks to the deputy prime minister and the CEO of Naftogaz for joining us here. I know it was not an easy journey. You left a country at war. So thank you so much for coming on. 

That's great. What a pleasure to meet you. You too. How are you? I'm very well thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we introduced interest in Cebu Brina Elba UN Goodwill Ambassadors and also you have a few other jobs. He's got quite a few others Yep, I'm, I'm African. What can I say? Yeah. Anyone who knows anything about Londoners knows that there's a fair amount of rivalry between different different parts of London. So just where you told me your Tottenham fan, mate, come on, man. I'm a Charlton fan. Oh, okay. No, that's misery that is football misery. So London team good team. So I was born I was born in the same year as Idris. Idris, of course, born in East London in Hackney. I was born in southeast London in Woolwich. So I have to say that I was a little I've achieved in life. I pinch myself that I'm here. Now, do you have that same feeling? Do you have that same? Or are you just so you know, not as confident as you seem that, you know, I come from, I was actually born in a small place called forest gate, which is about two miles away from Hackney. And forest gate hospital is tiny little place. My parents lived in Hackney, Hackney and the nearest hospital was forest gate. And that's where I was born. Okay. My parents came from Sierra Leone, my mom's gone. And my dad, Sierra Leone, but my both they both lived in Sierra Leone. So I say this, to say that, you know, I pinch myself all the time, my parents came 1971 with big dreams. had one child, we lived in a small council flat Council flat as in, you know, like a project, you know. And, you know, my dad worked at Ford Motor Company for 25 years, my mom worked as a clerical assistant. And their only child was woke up one day and said, I'm going to be an actor. My dad was like, doing what? Acting. And, you know, I fast forward to here and being allowed to sit in this room with my partner in crime and wife, and he's wonderful people and talking about things actually, that hard work that I've done as an actor from being 19, practically, to now allows me the platform to use my voice in areas that I have not qualified to be and quite frankly, or amply qualified, maybe? Well, yeah, it depends on how you like it. Yeah, you know, and, you know, I come from a generation that saw hip hop, emerge and saw the 80s. And so, you know, Margaret Thatcher, you know, and so Trump, you know, I've seen it all. So here's the thing, you know, we when you when you when you have that sort of life experience, you know, I think it becomes more about what can you how can you articulate what you're feeling? Doesn't matter that I can do it at the forum. But can I articulate what I'm feeling? Do I have a point of view? And that's, that's what I'm doing. You know, I don't sit here as an expert. In food securities, I sit as a citizen of the globe. I'm, like, most people mortified about the disparity of wealth, mortified about what we're doing to our planet. And so who is it? Yeah. And let's talk about where that comes from. My best friend is from Sierra Leone. So I've spent many years there. Oh, the body? The body? Fine. Wow. I was not. It's my mind. I'm sorry. Keeps me and my mother in law in good standing. Let me just ask quickly, since you know, because you guys also, it's a bit of a segue, but we'll get back to Sierra Leone in a moment and also to East Africa, of course, but you guys have your podcast, you know, you have this whole other line, talking about many jobs in kind of talking to people about how to how to, well, you told me navigate a relationship with somebody. Tell me tell me what Yeah. And well, like no, actually, because when we were newlyweds when we started it, but we at the kind of beginning of the pandemic we had COVID I feel like you probably all know that because I just was on CNN telling everyone he had COVID I was there when I'm no better I was in the videos one of my greatest career Your moves. And then we, you know, we were exploring wellness. Like at the time, there's so much misinformation, I kind of convinced myself it was like my fault that I got COVID Because my immune system was so I don't know, I had my family calling from Africa drink hot water and like, you know, you need to work on yourself. And I was like, oh my god, I'm so sorry, I have it. And looking at wellness and exploring what that meant for me as a person of color. Like it felt like a very kind of niche space for one type of person, one gender. Anyways, I say that to say in that exploration, we realized actually that a big part of our wellness had to do with the communities around us had to do with the relationships in our lives. Because more than anything, what was affecting us the most was the people we missed that we couldn't see in lockdown. So we realize relationships are so important and and that's been into, there's so many different kinds of relationships when we were talking familial partnerships, best friends, the relationship you have with yourself the relationship you have with the planet. And we thought this needs to be a topic of discussion. And as newlyweds how can we best learn we can learn by talking to people we respect and admire in that space. So we started this podcast called coupledom. And we've had amazing conversations with amazing Duo's, I mean, everyone from like, Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner, which is like kind of flashy, but like Ben and Jerry's, who we really admire in business and how they've sold their ethics into their business. And it's been a fun ride. And you know, we're looking at starting it up again, interest is very busy. So we had a lot of time during COVID, but having to find some time again, but thanks for asking about it. Because it does feel like one of those things that has shifted the paradigm of my thinking into how you know, it's the first thing you learn in school, the buddy system, take a friend when you go to the bathroom, and somewhere along the line, we lost his sense of collaboration. It's one of the themes of this Davos as well working together. And we work for a number of different agencies and we constantly work on how do we bring the agencies together and I'll their president of E fat, who we are goodwill ambassadors for will know or always like to have you heard about this agency? And how can we bring everyone together? And I think collaboration is so important. Yeah. So let's talk about that. But that's just for a moment pause to talk about. So I mentioned my, my own connection through my best friend to Sierra Leone, you know, shout out to John CC. And that's just all about how, what an incredible place, West Africa is in Sierra Leone is the beauty the place the people. There's a beach about an hour's drive from Freetown called beach number two, which is weird, because it doesn't seem to be a beach number one. But it is paradise. Yeah, yeah. West Africa, is beautiful. You know, before there were borders, that region is probably the most beautiful, you know, wing of Africa, and still is. And the people, as you say, have, you know, such a rich culture, history and tragedy, you know, West Africa being the sort of hub of slavery, that part of the world still remains to have an incredible character characteristics. Sierra Leone has been hitting hit, many, many times have very devastating adversity, which it has recovered from over and over again. And as it relates to me and my family, you know, we feel proud to be survivors, or people that are part of a survival group that haven't given up that haven't lost their heritage, they haven't lost their, their hope, you know, and, you know, we sit in a incredible seat of privilege, while some of our brothers or sisters don't have a voice to speak up about the DIS privileges. So that's why, you know, I ended up you didn't ask me that question. But it's a good driver for me as to why I sit in the seat talking about things that essentially affect us all and why we feel compelled to keep going and keep going. Yeah. And the, what you have kind of doubled down on if you'd like, is the question of farming. And that it's interesting, because it's so crucial. But you tell us why. How did you get there? And why is that the thing that you have kind of honed in on as as what needs to change in order to improve people's lives. It's a shared journey. I think Sabrina has a lot of influence in why and I'll let Sabrina tell that story as well. But I think also at a junction where, you know, just a realisation that look in the 80s you know, Ethiopia was going through an incredible devastating famine and I'd Just never will forget, looking at children that were a little bit younger than me. You know, you've seen images, and it stuck with me. And my mum and dad would be like my dad, especially black, always put an Africa on a TV like that. That's what they're saying. That's what Africa looks like, that's so interesting. I don't want you to take over to take you away from talking about the work which we must talk about in detail. But But how do you talk about this stuff? without plugging into a kind of post colonial racism kind of thing? How do you how do you get people to engage in the challenges while at the same time getting that message? Right, and celebrating those that part of the world? But I mean, I think the work that we focus on now in actually, in any philanthropic venture, we we, you know, find ourselves in is more about investing in the people that we support, as opposed to, you know, sometimes what can be a short sighted aid kind of focus model. And obviously, when there's a famine, people need help them in there. But why do famines keep happening again, and again, we need to look at longer term solutions that help empower the people on the ground, who are actually taking care of the land so that they can feed themselves build a sense of entrepreneurship and independence. And that's the work we do with the Fed and some of the other organizations we work with as well, just to be able to kind of move away from that handout. model. That is it isn't good for anyone, and it isn't good for the continent, its solutions, its solution base that we look at. And I think, you know, so with that framing, we don't find ourselves in the language of aid, you know, we find ourselves in the language of solutions and investment. Yeah. And making that that shift in the narrative is so important, because I grew up with that. Those commercials, and I grew up with a stigma. And I grew up with stigma that, you know, the rural people weren't hardworking, or just waiting for handouts, and absolutely not. I mean, my family's probably have 10 jobs each look at a dress, you know? And isn't this true? rural people work so hard, they just need the investment. It's just need the investment. And guess what the investment is good for all of us. Yeah, I was in Chicago, in northern Kenya, late last year, and saw that so, you know, farming people who'd lost their livestock because of the drought people, and I think you've said it very eloquently, who are the victims of climate change didn't cause climate change, or your normal, your tiny, infinitesimal contribution to climate change? Your so your perspective is East Africa, obviously, you know, it's like, I like this, this connection is like West Africa, East Africa, across the tracks, and both, we kept both ends. And it was actually screened his mother that, you know, really put us on to, you know, they're putting, putting aid for effect on our radar, right. It was Sabrina's mother who comes from a small, rural community who had farm to mouth, you know, and that was the existence and part of their growth. And it was a positive. I mean, sure, her pastoral memories are so beautiful. She talks about, you know, waking up every morning with her camels and being, you know, sort of in, in on just on the land and having the most the best days. And she she wanted to return to that, after coming to Canada in the 80s. I mean, she left before the war she wanted, she wanted to go back to enjoy that type of lifestyle. So I think your people and we see it now. I mean, there's this weird kind of, you know, if you if you have to go work in the agricultural sector, outside of the cities, like you're doing something wrong, as a young person, you should be going to urban areas, but no, actually, you know, the opportunity is in agriculture. And we're seeing when we go and do these visits now that young people get it, and they want that sense of entrepreneurship. And they're like, oh, okay, great. So how do we get out of the cities and go back, actually, and they find that their parents are quite more successful than they would have thought. But it's this nice shift back. But at the same time, you know, it only takes one drought or one flood or one catastrophe to to leave a catastrophic impact on people who are in these rural areas. So they can't do it alone. And it's the support that's needed to be able to not only mitigate climate change when it happens, but help people adapt and create solutions. We see so many solutions that I'm sorry, I'm going on right now, but we see. We want to hear I mean this because we in particular talking about smallholder farmers, what is what are the specific things? Because I hear you, I mean, I was there and it's clear that just you there is that aspect of it. Something needs to be done at places where they have had a year after year of drought. Yeah. And there's also this sustainability question, which, absolutely, so talk a little bit more about that in detail about what you use. Yeah. I mean, I, for me, it's it's innovation and it's tech and it's diaspora investing and it's probably It's actually investing and you know, in the philanthropic ventures will work in the interim, but we need private sector to come in and invest in these solutions. If you don't know what the weather's gonna be tomorrow, how are you supposed to farm, it's just simple, simple things. And you know, and a lot of the programs that I see on effect, it's those simple things that make these massive changes for people on the ground. And those are the stories that I take in so deeply when I hear, you know, a mother sent her children to school and bought this house, and she's like, the talk of the neighborhood, because she's got this slight piece of advanced technology compared to everyone else in the, in her rural community, it makes that much difference, and everyone wants a piece of it. But how do we all get ourselves involved in that innovation? And how do we all get ourselves involved in that tech because we can't just leave it to government and, and private sector, we need to look at ways that you know, address always talks about diaspora investing back in there. And you know, I love that you say this, and I'm sorry, I'm gonna steal this from you, I see a lot of things for me. You know, there's already a Disney, there's already a Warner Brothers, there's already there's already, you know, Virgin, there's, there's all these massive corporations outside of Africa, there's so much opportunity to have them in Africa. And you start that by investing in the youth, there's a growing budding population, so vibrant, so many ideas. I mean, we met with Global Shapers earlier today. And it was just like, they're all smarter than us, which is kind of like they should be and young people really know what they're doing. And when it comes with this sort of innovative framework of thinking, I'm like, these are the people that the world should be investing in, you need to think about Africa, and you think about where its population is going, it's gonna double, okay, and outside of just the food security conversation around, you know, investing in small farmers and making sure they can feed themselves and, and not rely on imports. Okay, there is the employment conversation, you know, and, you know, when you speak about farming, you're thinking about farms, but actually, the ecosystem around farming is everything from technology, as Sabrina says, startup industries communication, you know, if the industry of farming for a very long time as support in many sectors, and offers a lot of opportunities in the film industry, when you get one good idea, it unlocks other good ideas in the rest of the story. And that's what that's what farming for me is like, you can unlock the fact that you know, smallholder farmers who take up a lot of the land, who actually fight for their rights for the land, okay, but when they get them, they're empowered, they are a business and their partners or businesses. For me, it's really important, you know, like, this is a co op of thought, you know, we're we're all together, we're thinking together in farming, when the when the farmers talk together, and they form coops, they become much stronger, the yields are better, the practices are better, the communication is better. And then the pricing is better, because they're all doing the same thing. So that's why for us, you know, the smallholder farmer, it's a good idea in a bad script, and once we get it right, it will unlock many more good ideas, and then we can all watch a film and feel satisfied. I'm sorry, but make sense. You want that happy ending, and that there's so much more involved. When you're talking about agriculture, you're talking about gender, you're talking about climate you're talking about, like, all these things are so interconnected. And I think, you know, before it's trendy or, or whatever it is to start acting on these things, it's important to build our understanding around how the world is so interconnected, what food systems are, how do they work for us? Why are they so fragile? You know, and just to build that awareness, because if you're championing one cause, I guarantee you it's connected to another I was gonna say this is that that's how you've got to the climate change campaign that you are also sharing, right, we're both on the board, respectively at CEI, Conservation International Europe, with Sabrina and me in the in the American Board and, you know, it's all integrated into interrelated, you know, what we're realizing is that if we invest in small home holder, farmers and natural based solutions, you are enriching the ecosystems that you know, will absorb the the emissions basically and and the more we can feed that cycle, the better it is. So again, it's a unlocks other problems as well, but you can't have the Sabrina says all the time, we can't have a conversation about food about having a conversation about climate, because it is climate that is damaging and and stopping smallholder farmers as well as lack of investment from feeding themselves how And we can obviously see what happens when borders getting away. So when, you know, a war that happens in or an invasion that happens from Russia to Ukraine, and how that affects Africa in a crazy, crazy way, has nothing to do with climate until, well, they can't eat. They can't grow because the climate shifted. And you know, you know, smallholder farmers provide 80% of food, so at some juncture, and that cycle ended up in a restaurant near you. Okay. That's how it works. And that's, I think that's where II Fed has an incredible system of trying to amplify this. Agriculture isn't something that everyone, yeah, let's talk about farming. But what as we saw in the pandemic, food shortage is a real deal. It can happen. And it happened within that sort of 36, Sykes, those six months cycle where food banks in LA, with cool people in California at food banks, because they couldn't buy food. So this is why it's important for you know, for all of us to sort of have that understanding of it, education, and then lobbying, governments lobbying changemakers lobbying investors to kind of think about the solutions, looking at effect, looking at companies like CI that kind of go, Okay, here's how we can do this. You know, yeah. This conversation, let's see if anyone has a bet people do. Yeah, go Yeah. I think I'm from Alex Eaton from Mexico, I run an organization called sistema bio. And we work with smallholder farmers all over the world providing technology investment. And recently, we've been able to channel a lot of climate funding to farmers. But we believe that the market based solutions are really important. One of the things that we fight a lot against is that the perception of a smallholder farmer is one that's almost synonymous with poverty in Mexico, it's the compass, you know, in, in Kenya, for example, where our biggest offices is this perception of going to the city as being the smart decision. And so what a lot of our local teams are always asking me to do is find representatives to convince people that farming is cool. It's dignified, it's important. So we talked about farm heroes and finding representative. So it's a pitch. I'm almost there. I got me, in Kenya, but I'm just curious in your communities. Is it something that you think finding other representatives to put voice and talk about smallholder farming is something that's really important, because I fed does a fabulous job talking about agriculture from from in a very technical way. But I think it is also important that mainstream voices talk about, you know, we've even talked to people about producing movies where, you know, smallholder farmers are in not just in the background as scenery, but actually protagonists and that sort of thing. So I'm curious within your communities, if this idea of, you know, I guess celebrity representation, and that sort of thing is something where, you know, getting down to the ground and convincing Africa. I mean, I'm always told in Kenya that it has to be a football player or someone but I'm just curious about more of a movement to represent that because we actually need the farmers themselves to believe that they're heroes that they're doing really, really important work. And just curious, your thoughts on how to get more people involved in that? It's actually a great question. So yeah, it's an important one, it's the president of our of a fad, and I and Sabrina are having these really detailed conversations around advocacy, and what it looks like and how it shifts. In fact, you know, what is the brand language of farming? Do we know that we know what the brand language of McDonald's is, right? What is the brand language of farming? And what do we do for that? And it seems like it's like okay, well, why don't we just amplify it, tell some stories around it. But I think it's about the people. We got to populate the faces the people, the character, we can't just brand them as farmers, smallholder farmers, these are people these are communities and we have to give them name we have to give them we have to give story character and understanding and we have to good old fashioned media good old fashioned marketing. You know we were talking earlier about advocacy and how you know, I want to bring Idris and I want to bring a mini Idris and I want to bring another mini ages and someone you know because I want to bring people that are ready for that many, many I'm talking about, I want to bring like 100 journalists kind of talking about, you know, big, loud voices that feel as passionate as I do that are from those communities that are, you know, can tell these stories better than I can not just, you know, we should have four more seats here. Because it isn't just fair. It's just interesting, Sabrina, we don't come from the farms that we're talking about. We should have other voices. That to your point, I think it's a really, really good question. It's a really good thing for us to think about, you know, we have to find the farming McDonald's model, whatever that is. Yeah. And I and I think, you know, we always make a point to say that we never want to feel like we're in a room speaking for rural people. We're speaking with rural people. And it's about finding ways that everyone can speak with them. And there is a young African artists, they Mr. Easy, who's really cool, who works with E fat as well. And he did this Tik Tok campaign with E fat about encouraging young people to look at agriculture as an entrepreneurial venture. And it was so successful, and it's just about finding the right voice. For the right audience add, I think you make such a good point. It might not even be a celebrity, it could just be someone that is admired for the success story that they have in that same field. But we always try because it just does make a good point. If you're going to talk about anything, and you do have a platform to make sure you know what you're talking about. Because, yes, hope it does. Because it can become really easy to derail the efforts of an organization that's worked so hard if you come up and use his soapbox to just you know, flaunt and whatever it is that you want to fought for some, you know, kind of virtue raising type thing. So we we support organizations that we are passionate about, that we care about, it's not hard to care about the continent, you just said how beautiful it was, you got to go to Kenya, so you gotta eat. I mean, I was gonna ask you what you love about East Africa, because it is beautiful. It's something I love. And I love the people like I find mice, I'm always in East Africa, and I'm in Kenya looks I found me there. I'm in Somalia a lot. But it is sometimes harder to get to where I'm from in Somalia. And I just like the beauty, it's like, there's, you can't convince me there's a more beautiful place on this planet than Kilifi. I don't know if you guys have been to Kilifi Kenya. It's unbelievable. And I'm trying to it just went without me. And I'm trying to get it to go together. Try to do that every now and again. It is the to drop a trip to Freetown one time kind of you know without? Yeah, exactly. Oh, yeah. No, I could probably couldn't he's tracking me on my phone. Before I do. Any more questions. I'm really keen to open the dialogue. You look like you have one. Okay. My name is John. I'm from Canada. With a microphone coming. Actually, John, if you're just really excited meeting Canadian Canadian conspiracy, and I agree with you on Kenya and Somalia. I've been all over Africa while the world and they're at the top. We work a lot with farmers in in Canada and elsewhere. And one of the things we constantly hear is that the challenge is on the consumer side. And all of us as food consumers don't pay enough for what we're consuming, and don't understand enough about what goes into it and what we require. But through regulations. Do you think much and talk much about us as consumers and curious what your thoughts are on how we can we can be better contributors to all all that you've been speaking about? Yeah, I think that's it's such an important part of the puzzle, the consumer power in you know, buying smart buying local, supporting farmers in your area that big agro has some problems that need to be fixed. And those can only be fixed pressures applied in the right way. And I think that's absolutely through consumer power. But that's also a journey that we we ourselves are on educating ourselves about what it is that we're eating, because everything's so convenient. Now. It's like you buy a bag of chips, where the potatoes come from where did you know, it's so important to make yourself aware of that issue, but when it comes to how we spread that that issue, I actually self admittedly have difficulty in that in that area. I don't know how best to communicate that when I speak to one of my best friend is a Canadian farmer. You know, she's literally in Mandeville, Saskatchewan right now. You know, and when talking to her family, and then hearing how we work with rural farmers, like you know, there's so many interconnectivity ease and, and how do you approach these conversations in the right way, I'm still looking, if anyone knows the right avenues or the right forums to be able to make those connectivities for everyday people because once you make that connection, people get it. You know, when it once it affects your food and what you're eating, you have so much more of an appreciation for where the food is coming from. So I think this is an important point. It's tough and with what we're facing many people with the Cost of living and that kind of stuff rates, it's hard. If you want things to be cheaper, you don't want to pay more for food. Yeah, I think there's some really interesting lessons to be taken from the cocoa industry and what's happened there, we've sort of, you know, fair trade. And, you know, I don't think has been taken far enough. And it's not been taken far enough, because the Big Five chocolate companies are very, very powerful. It's all about money at the end of the day, but it needs to come down to, you know, the government's need to apply some power to conscious consumers, we want to be fair, I think, I think there is a level of consciousness around the food we buy, if we know that it's come from farm to table, and we have to pay a little bit of a premium for that. And that, you know, spreads the wealth. I think people will embrace that. But the actual communications around that are just minimalized. Of course, they're minimalize because you've got big conglomerates, who can just pay to suppress that? I think there just needs to be a little bit of innovation around it. I think a little bit of lobbying. Social media is a really amazing tool to just raise your awareness. So yeah, I think I think it's a great, I love hearing you talk. I was just gonna say that to him. But no, I think I find the same problem in fashion, where we want to sort of outcasts fast fashion as the bad guy. And you know what, I'm talking about more sustainable or greener practice in fashion, you can't forget about the single mother with five children who can only afford to go to h&m, I'm sorry, fast fashion is the only option. And it's the same in food. You know, when I was growing up, we ate McDonald's a lot. And my mom knew it wasn't the best for us. But sometimes that was all we could get. Because it was cheap, and cheerful and easy. So you need to find a way to to have these conversations, not excluding anybody else. It's just so interesting, to have that authenticity and to talk about your early life. And then what's your answer? How do you talk to families, you just don't leave anyone out, you understand that it's so much more complex than I'll only buy organic and only shop at Whole Foods, because it's great. It's not, it's there, it's not an option for everybody. And that's just the reality of it. So then we need to go outside of the individuals. Look at government, what kind of policies can be implemented around healthy food choices, particularly in schools for young people? It's so much bigger than the individual consumer, but the individual consumers is such a massive piece. And I think the coalition of farms sorry, I know, you've got a question. I know you've got a question too. But the coalition of farms is important, you know, farmers having the strength to say, no, no, no, no, we're all going to stay at the same price. We're all going to try and raise our value and be respected. And I need support around you know, from all of us. I'd say I don't think we have time for any more. That gentleman is very patiently more question one more. Okay, great. Can we make the questions into two? Yeah, can we do two at the same time at the same time i My mind's very cricket actually follows on from that nice comment from the Canadian you need to go on the government level. So in Switzerland we pay $100 for a kilo. 2.2 pounds in American British pounds. Okay. Not the money the way we pay a very high price for for meat here. It's subsidized. We subsidize the smallholdings. I know it's a different level. But it's done through governmental level. And when I go back to my home country, in Britain and Wales and Scotland, all the farmers are now trying to cut out the middleman sell their produce locally, and so on. And this is really a way in the in the richer countries to go to really give the farmers respect, which is what you say. So they can move forward. So it needs to be at a higher level a policy level. Great. Thank you for that gentleman there. Just stand up. Yeah, thank you. I'm Nimrod from a vital capital. We invest in food in Africa, heavily invested. And all through smallholder farmers, we work with 40,000, smallholder farmers. We've talked about I heard you talking about the success and the needs, of course, there's a lot of needs and the success of the small farmers. I think that if we want to propel this industry, we have to talk about the success of the investors as well. And there's a lot of investors, private investors and private funds like us, that invest through smallholder farmers and do good returns for them in for the investors. I wanted to ask if you emphasize this as well, because I think this is the opportunity to mobilize a lot of private investment into the industry. Absolutely. You know, success stories, you need the proof of concept to you know, de risk, in some sense for other investment to come in. I think it's so important. Yeah, I think that the interface in between countries, smallholder farmers, governments and private sector needs to be readdressed needs to be incentivized to work way better. Africa is open for business left, right and center. It's really is and if you ignore that market space, you might as well ignore a whole chunk of your future quite frankly, because it is we've heard it before. I've sort of of breadbasket. But I do absolutely agree that there needs to be better sort of setups for private sector to be able to participate and grow and grow. And I think that the Aspera actually have a keen sort of role to play in that. Personally. Can I ask what you're doing about it to? And how are you showcasing to other investors and businesses, we, we're, first of all have our financial results, then we can show that true working and to investing in smallholder farmers, be it macadamia and Kenya, dairy in Uganda or agroindustrial. Center in West Africa, Angola and other places. So they double or triple their income. Our investors make returns, you know, that they could they that they outperform we outperform other funds. So that's an alternative for investor money, and, and about stories and branding. I mean, we are very happy to see an entrepreneur coming with a Lexus and a Rolex to work because that's the example that young people will want to follow. But it is so important to publish those that data and that's done those success stories and to share those stories. Yeah, I think we're probably out of time. I'll keep talking. If you don't know we could just thank you both very much. It's just a real pleasure. 

Ladies and gentlemen, dear friends. It's a special honor and privilege to welcome back to Davos, His Excellency Antonio Guterres, Secretary General of the United Nations see UN has never been as important as it is today, in a fractured and fragmented world. We are all grateful is the Secretary General said despite also as fractions of difficulties, you stand up for global cooperation. And so that you also have the courage to speak out and to one mind, all of us have potential and have some possible catastrophic consequences. If we don't get our act together. You can count on us, Mr. Secretary General to support you in your efforts by engaging all stakeholders into collaborative action to ensure despite the headwinds that we achieved through sustainable development goals at the beginning of this year, we are grateful that you share with us again, your assessment of the state of the world. This will be followed by a conversation with my colleague Berger, Brenda, Mr. President, is the Secretary General police. We welcome you very cordially. Excellencies dear friends, thank you very much for your welcome. And thank you, dear, President Trump for your kind words. It is very good to be back in Davos. And once again, in person. Your team perfectly sets out the dilemma of today's worlds. We need cooperation, yet we face fragmentation. And I'm not here to sugarcoat the scale of that challenge or the sorry state of our worlds. We can't confront problems unless we look them squarely in the eye. And we are looking into the eye as a category five hurricane. Our world is plagued by a perfect storm on a number of fronts. Start with the short term, a global economic crisis. The outlook, as we all know is bleak. Many parts of the world face recession, and the entire world faces a slowdown. And we see deepening inequalities, and the rapidly unfolding cost of leading crisis affecting women and girls the most supply chain disruptions and the lethargy, crunch, soaring prices, rising interest rates, along with inflation and debt levels pounding vulnerable countries. At to all of that the lingering effects of the pandemic COVID-19 is still straining economies with the world's failure to prepare for future pandemics. that failure is straining our credulity. Somehow, after all, we have endured, we have not learned the global public health lessons of the pandemic. We are nowhere near ready for the pandemics to come. And to all that and other measures and indeed existential challenge. We are flirting with climate disaster every week brings a new climate order story. Greenhouse gas emissions are at record levels and growing. The commitment to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees is nearly going up in smoke. Without further action, we are headed to a 2.8 degree increase and the consequences, as we all know would be devastating. Several parts of our planet would be an inevitable and for many, it will mean a death sentence. But this is not a surprise. The science has been clear for decades. And I'm not talking only about un scientists. I'm talking even about fossil fuel scientists we learned last week that certain fossil fuel producers were fully aware in the 70s that their core product was making our planet. And just like the tobacco industry, they rode roughshod over their own science, some in Big Oil battled the big lie. And like the tobacco industry, those responsible must be held to account. Today, fossil fuel producers and their enablers are still racing to expand production. Knowing full well that these business model is inconsistent with human survival. Now, this insanity belongs in science fiction. Yet we know the ecosystem meltdown is cold, hard scientific facts. Add to this toxic brew yet another combustible factor, conflict, violence war, especially the Russian invasion of Ukraine, not only because of the untold suffering of Ukrainian people, but because of its profound global implications on global food and energy prices, on trade and supply chains, on questions of nuclear safety. And on the very foundations of international law, and the United Nations Charter. We are doing our best making progress where we can particularly in facilitating exports of food and fertilizers from Ukraine and also from Russia. But we are a far cry from peace, in line with international law and United Nations Charter. So dear friends, all these challenges are interlinked. And they are piling up like cars in a chain reaction crash. Now let's be clear, it will be difficult to find solutions to these global interlinked problems in the best of times, and then a world that would be united. But these are far from being the best of times, and the world is far from being united. Instead, we face the gravest levels of geopolitical division and mistrust in generations, and it is undermining everything. First, the East West divides. We risk what I've called the Great fractures, the decoupling of the world's two largest economies, the tectonic drift that would create two different sets of trade rules, two dominant currencies, two internets, and two conflicting strategies artificial intelligence. This is the last thing we need. The IMF report is that dividing the global economy into two, two blocks could cut global GDP by a whopping 1.4 trillion US dollars. Now, there are many aspects in which the US and China relations will inevitably diverge, particularly on questions of human rights and on some areas of regional security. But despite that, it is possible and I will say it is essential for the two countries to have meaningful engagement on climate, trade and technology to avoid the decoupling of economies of even the possibility of future confrontations. For the historians that might be listening, we must avoid the 21st century cycle of the so called to see these traps at the same time, and secondly, the north south divide is deepening. I am not convinced in my contexts, that the wealthier world and their leaders truly grasps the degree of frustration, and even anger in the global SOS frustration and anger about the grace inequity ever seen vaccine distribution in the recent past frustration and then can about pandemic recovery, with support overwhelmingly concentrated in wealthier countries that could print money. And trillions were printed in the global loss. And of course, developing countries could not print money because their currencies would go out down the drain, frustration and then can about a climate crisis that is crippling countries that contributed least to global heating, and the lack of the financial resources to respond to the challenge and frustration and anger over a morally bankrupt financial system in which systemic inequalities are amplifying societal inequalities. The system that is still routinely denying depth relief and concessional funding to vulnerable middle income countries that are in desperate need, because the rules are not made to allow it. A system in which most of the world's poorest countries saw their debt service payments skyrocketed by 35% in the last year alone. Now, we need to bridge all these divides, and we need to restore trust. How can we do it? First by reforming and building fairness into the global financial system. Developing Countries needs access to finance to reduce poverty and hunger and advance the Sustainable Development Goals. I urge the 2020 on a global SDG stimulus plan that will provide support to countries of the global south including the vulnerable middle income ones, they need the necessary liquidity depth relief and restructuring as well as long term lending to invest in sustainable development. In short, we need a new depth architectures and multilateral development banks must change their business model beyond their own operations that of course, are very important, they must concentrating on multiplying their impact, leveraging massively private finance in a systematic way. Providing guarantees accepting to be first risk takers in coalition's of financial institutions to support developing countries. Without creating the conditions for massive inflow of private finance at reasonable cost to the developing world. There is simply no solution. international financial institutions are too small, and the capacity to increase ova is not to be seen in the short term. Then seconds, bridging divides and restoring trust means meaningful climate action and climate action. Now, the battle to keep 1.5 degree limits alive will be on our last in these decades on our watch. And right now, we have to confess that the battle is being lost. So we need to work together to close the emissions gap. And that means to phase out progressively coal and supercharge the renewable revolution, to end the addiction to fossil fuels, and to stop our self defeating war on nature. On the other hand, the developed world must finally deliver on its 100 billion climate finance commitment to support developing countries, adaptation finance must be doubled as it was promised in Sharm el Sheikh. And the biggest emitters, namely the G 20. Countries must unite around the climate solidarity pact in which they make extra efforts in the 2020 is to keep 1.5 degree limit alive. And it doesn't work. If developed countries attribute responsibility to emerging economies or the emerging economies attribute responsibility to develop countries they need to come together to bring together all their capacities financial and technological, with the developed ones providing financial and technical assistance to help the major emerging economies to accelerate the renewable energy transition. Because if they don't, we will not be able to reduce emissions at the level that is necessary to keep the 1.5 degree goal I would say to keep the two degree goal alive. And our climate goals need the full engagement of the private sector. Now the truth is that more and more businesses are making Net Zero commitments. But benchmarks and criteria are often dubious or murky. And this can mislead consumers, investors and regulators with false narratives. And it feeds a culture of climate misinformation and confusion and leaves the door open to greenwashing. That's why we created an expert group on net zero emissions commitments. Recently, the group has issued a how to guide for credible accountable Net Zero pledges. And here in Davos, I call on all corporate leaders to act based on these guidelines to put forward credible and transparent Transition Plans are now to achieve net zero and to submit those plans before the end of the year. Now the transition to net zero must be grounded in real emissions cuts, and not relying essentially on carbon credits or shadow markets. And finally, what is true about private sector engagement on climate applies across a range of challenges. And government action is critical. Even it's up As the it is not enough, we must find avenues to boost the private sectors ability to play its full role for goods. And it must be recognized that in many ways the private sector today is leading. But it is to a certain extent undermined by government action or the lack of government action. Governments need to create the adequate regulatory and stimulus environments to support the private sector, instead of maintaining rules, subsidies and other forms of action that undermine the efforts of the private sector to move forward in climate action. And business models and practices must be reworked to advance the Sustainable Development Goals. Without creating the conditions for the massive engagement of the private sector, it will be impossible to move from the billions to trillions that is needed to achieve the SDGs to lead the way to expand economic opportunity for women to ensure greater engagement and cooperation for vaccine equality, to achieve global food security. And for that, we need the cooperation of the private sector to keep Ukrainian and Russian food and fertilizer exports flowing and affordable. Even in the midst of the war. The insurance sector has helped support the movement of vessels from Ukraine and Russia. And we are just leading other private sector actors to engage such as the banking sector, the traders and the shippers across the spectrum of global challenges. We need private sector resourcefulness and cooperation to be able to advance in our cover objectives of peace, of sustainable development and of human rights. So excellencies dear friends, there are no perfect solutions in a perfect storm. But we can work to control the damage and to seize the opportunities available. And now more than ever, it's time to forge the best ways to cooperation in our fragmented world to adopt multilateral solutions to bring trust to air trust is badly needed, because the world cannot wait. And I thank you for your patience. Thank you very much, Secretary General, I think you also heard a warm applause that your call to action was well received. And I think we also have seen in the last years that businesses are taking on more responsibilities, both on climates and nature. But as you said, we are flirting with climate disaster. A battle that we are almost losing. But what I think we all don't really understand is that we all know that the cost of inaction far exceeds the cost of action. And why is not the financing happening? Why is not the money to adaptation coming there? Is there? Well, how do you explain this because if there was common sense, we will do it maybe it's not that common. But there is a difference. The cost of action is today's costs, the cost of inaction is already today's costs, but it is essentially tomorrow's cost. And we have a dramatic bias in the political life, but also in many areas of the business life, which is the preference for the presence. Now. I was in politics for large part of my life. And I know how important it is for politicians to look at the balls to see how things are going to look at the next elections. And today in the world. Most of the political choices that are made are still made, in short, with a short term perspective and looking more apt polls, future elections, political power struggles and less than less only effectively solving problems. Let's be frank and in the business community, there was a clear trends which is now being mitigated, to look essentially to short term objectives to increase the value of shareholders and to increase the value of shareholders is to bet on short term measures to get short term results and forget about the future because the future we will see afterwards. So we badly need to change the mentality of decision makers in the public sector and in the private sector. And I will say it will be easier to do within the public in the private sector, that in the public sector, but politicians need to understand. And sometimes we are faced with these kinds of challenges. It is better to take today decisions that will eventually be not popular, but it will be essential to be able to shape the public opinion itself. My experience when I was in government, is that when I was following the polls, I would have problems in the short term. And then I when I was able to show leadership, and go even to what was the prevailing trend of the opinion, and take the decisions that were necessary to ensure the future of my country at the time, that in the end, Boothbay so my appeal to decision makers in the public and the private sector is, don't look about what's going to happen to you tomorrow, look into what's going to happen to all of us in the future. And to be honest, it is already happening now. Thank you. And I think what we would hope for is that people that aspire to be leaders, both in business and environments, also think about what kind of legacy they want to live. And we need to create systems of stimulus, that benefit long term thinking, instead of the present systems that theoretically, are conceived to benefit, short term results. And I guess it's so important social media is maybe not helping when it comes to incentivizing long term thinking. I mean, we have in social media, all kinds of things, we have fantastic contribution through social media, for the most noble causes of humankind. And we have also the problems, in my opinion of the business model of social media, in which of course, the interest is to have as much as much interactions as possible, and to reach as much people as possible. And as we know, from traditional media, that what is news is not, when a dog bites a man, what is used is whether a man bites dog, the algorithms and the business model of social media, are constructed in such a way that they tend to expand the outside the the informations, the positions, the ideas that are more extreme, that are more controversial, that create more trouble. And so I think it's it's not a question of censorship that will solve the problem. The question is, the business model needs to be redesigned, the algorithms need to be redesigned, in order not to be based on evil to make profit. Now, it's such a good point, you know, when we grew up and read the papers, the editor took the pride in everything being correct in the paper. And now there is no editing, it's up to the individual to then assess if this is true or not, yes, but there is a responsibility of the platforms I'm in. One can argue, if if we have something as you as you mentioned in the media, and if someone is attacked in a way that is wrong, there is no possibility to go to the court. In social media, there is no responsibility. And I cannot understand the argument of social media platform saying, Well, this is put by people. So it's not our responsibility. But the truth is that the algorithms are made in such a way that they amplify in a preferential way a certain number of scenes, and where that when the algorithm amplifies then there is in my opinion, a responsibility. And there should be accountability, including through the legal system in relation to those situations, at least when false information deformation, or other kinds of things are benefited are not only just what someone puts but are benefited, by the way the algorithm amplifies that that creates, in my opinion, a responsibility of the platform. No, thank you very much for that. Reflecting on the state of the world and listening to your very powerful speech. I was reflecting. Have you ever in your career since such a complex geopolitical and geo economic landscape let's be clear, I think we are in the worst situation I remember in my lifetime, I mean, I have not lived the Second World War. If I had lived the Second World War, what I'm saying now would not make sense. But I really think we are in the worst situation of my lifetime. First of all, the climate threat is coming to a point of no return. We are using 1.6 planets, and we have only one planet to use. And, and the climate and the biodiversity issues, have lost attraction for political decision makers. Everybody is concentrated now on the war in Ukraine, on the cost of living and other aspects, and there is a lack of the sense of urgency in relation to climate. And the question of climate, together with the question of biodiversity is an existential threat, that today is very close to a tipping point, that makes catastrophes totally irreversible. And that would not be the case 10 or 20 years ago, we still have much more time to act, and we have not used that time to act sufficiently. So now we are on the verge of the irreversible changes that will completely undermine the future of the life in the planet as we today. See it. Second, the geopolitical divides, is different from what it was during the Cold War, the Cold War was easier, because we are two blocks. And those two blocks have clear rules of engagement. Now, they would create as much trouble as possible to the other block. But they have mechanisms to guarantee that if the trouble would become a threat to the two blokes themselves, they would stop whatever was happening by proxy anywhere in the world, girls mechanisms that were particularly relevant in relation to the nuclear disarmament and to the nuclear control mechanisms don't mechanisms ever last? Exists existence or lost capacity, people got used to the 90s, to the beginning of the 20th century to the idea of the end of history, and there is no more risk of a global confrontation. And so the confrontations today are more dangerous, because there are less mechanisms to make sure that they do not get out of control. And this is what for me is worrying. On the other hand, in the two blocks, we have a total decoupling, but the total decoupling that existed with the two blocks was in a completely different global economic situation. This was before the great globalization search, the great globalization search was in the 90s. And now we leave the global globalization search, our economies became completely interlinked north and south systems West. And now there is a new divide that is coming with the risk of the coupling that I mentioned. And I think it is absolutely crucial that independently of the difference that exists we are facing to cultural systems, to ideological systems, to historic memories, to political systems in many aspects, but we can't afford not to have the United States and its allies and China, having a serious discussion on the questions relating to climate to try them to technology and to find the forms of cooperation or regulation that are necessary to avoid a decoupling that will be a disaster of the global economy and to avoid the risks of future confrontations, because today, we start to borrow about the economic themes being good semiconductors access or other of this nature. And tomorrow, you might be quarreling about more serious issues, because there are some irritating factors that are there on the ground, some some geopolitical problems that are not solved in the region, we have the firewall question we have others. So it is absolutely essential, first of all, to be careful in controlling the risky situations and at the same time to establish mechanisms that rescue our global economy. Talking about the coupling and you also mentioned it in your speech, secretary-general if there is a full decoupling it will shave off incredible a lot of growth and that we will lose out on prosperity there will be more poverty. But don't you for see if there is the complaint that that could be just for like 10% of the goods that could be related to national security semiconductors, some technologies, and if you then can continue to trade on 90% of the good It'll be much better off, I think what you're addressing is that a full decoupling will be a catastrophe. That's what we are seeing what you said is what we're seeing now. I mean, the, as far as I understand, the trade between China and the US is growing. And the coupling that is being tried is essential relation to technology. And we know the semiconductor situation. China, there's a steel, steel has a huge dependency on semiconductors, specially the second with darker is of the, I would say, more sophisticated dimension. They essentially are produced by Taiwan, at the present moment, most of them. So there is there has been some attempts to limit the access of China to these kinds of semiconductors, and also to the machines that produce them. And the biggest producer is the Netherlands, and Netherlands are reacting because they would like to keep that market, which is perfectly understandable. So for the moment, this is limited to certain areas of technology, the problem is that these areas of technology will shape the future economy. And so the risk is that if there is not a serious negotiation in relation to trade and technology, and I believe that serious negotiation is still possible, if there is no serious negotiation bit in relation to these areas, we might have consequences in the future, when the areas that are now relatively minor in the global economy, will probably become the central aspects of the future global economy, that will be a much more technological base than the present one. And I think unfortunately, you're right on this because the rivalry between G two is also based on controlling those technologies, the idea that we can live with a G two is an idea that should be put aside, the G two would mean a G zero, it would mean that we would not have the capacity to bring together the resources, the energy, the capacities, the technologies, that we need to face the challenges that we're facing, because climate will not respect the Jeetu. demography will not respect the Jeetu. And the dramatic situation. Developing countries will not respect the Secretary General last question I wish we could have continued. It's so much insight. I think, as you mentioned, also, the impact of the war in Ukraine, as on food prices, energy is substantial. Do you think there will be on hand of this war this year? Do you think there will be an end of this word is there, there will be a hand of this war, there is a war end of everything. But I do not see a end of the war in the immediate future. Unfortunately, I mean, I do not see a chance at the present moment to have a serious peace negotiation between the two parties. And let's be clear the Russian invasion of Ukraine that was in violation of international law and the values of the charter s created a situation in which because to a large extent, the two sides ever basic disagreement on the past. And it's always very difficult to solve disagreements on the past two different ideas about what the Russian Empire was, what the nationalities were, and to the two different ideas about what today are Ukrainians and Russians. It is clear that in my opinion, this, this makes it more difficult to find a solution. But that solution needs to be based on international law, and needs to respect the territorial integrity of Ukraine. And I don't see conditions for that to happen in the immediate future. What we are doing and we are very strongly engaged is in relation to the Black Sea Grant initiative, which I must say it's quite amazing that with two countries in war, it's possible to another agreement in this regard, but also the Russian exports that are necessary for the global food security. We have been dealing with the problems of rescuing civilians in difficult situations like as upstyle. In the past, we have been discussing with both sides exchange of prisoners of war. We are supporting the international agency of atomic energy that is a UN body in relation to the pirates and our leisure. So I mean, we are doing everything we can and this is probably one of the most important areas of our activity to limit the damage to reduce the suffering Of the people and to reduce the impacts the dramatic devastating impacts in the global economy, because it came on top of the COVID on top of the inequalities on top of the climate problems. So we are trying to address the consequences. But for the moment, I don't think that we have a chance to, to promote or to mediate a serious negotiation to achieve peace in the short term. So we will have still to wait. And to be clear on our principles and our principles, our international law, the values of the charter, territorial integrity, but at the same time, to try to do everything we can, talking to both sides and to other actors in order to minimize the impacts on the suffering of Ukrainian people, and on the global economy, especially in the most vulnerable countries. Thank you so much, Secretary General, I'm sorry, we had to end on such a somber note, but I think is reflecting the world. We are living, I think many of us do hope for the Secretary General's good offices and, and United Nations and multilateralism in such a situation. So thank you very much for your leadership and thank you for being here. Thank you very much. 

Hello, and welcome to our press briefing on how to build a Metaverse for all I'm KEARSON SALUR from the World Economic Forum and I'm joined here today by a stellar panel of speakers. We have Kathie Lee, head of shaping the future of media entertainment and sport at the World Economic Forum. Huda al Hashimi, Deputy Minister of Cabinet Affairs for strategic affairs, the Office of the Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, and yet Co Co founder and executive chairman at Animoca brands. Thank you all for being here with us today. So the metaverse has been a big buzzword here in Davos this week. And we're here today to speak about what exactly it means and how we can ensure that it is inclusive. So why does this matter? The Metaverse is actually on track, according to some estimates to be an $800 billion market by 2024. So we're just looking one year ahead. And that will have serious implications for business as well as for consumers who are looking to navigate what this means for their work and for their lives. It also raises some serious questions about how we ensure these technologies are accessible, inclusive and safe. So that's the focus of the World Economic Forum's defining and building the metaverse initiative. This is an initiative that is made up of more than 150 members who are working on answering these tough questions. And there's two new papers released today, one on interoperability in the metaverse and another on demystifying that consumer Metaverse experience. So Kathy, could you tell us a bit about why this research is so important? And what these initial findings mean for the metaverse? Thanks, Kirsten for that. Hello everyone. Kathie Lee had immediate entertainment and sport platform at the forum. So the metaverse is been a buzzword is a evolving concept, one that doesn't have a standard definition yet. But many would agree that this new age of the internet will likely to disrupt but also transform the current social and also economic structures for more immersive and pathetic social experiences, to more universal access to education and healthcare. The Metaverse does bring us a lot of the new opportunities but at the same time, tremendous challenges as well. So because of all of this in, you know, interest in from business and also public public, the forum felt the time was right to start this initiative and really bring together the key stakeholders public sector, private sector, civil society, academia to come together and contribute to developing a future Metaverse that is safe, inclusive, intra interoperable, equitable, but also economically viable. And that's why we launched the defining and building the metros initiative at our last annual meeting in May. As the leading international work organization for public private partnerships, the forum is uniquely positioned to bring together this diverse set of stakeholders. The work focused on two key areas. One is metal risk governance, and the other one is economic and societal value creation of the two tracks. The governance track focuses on defining a set of governance frameworks. That recommended frameworks that prevent potential harms, and also mitigate emerging risks while ensuring equity and interoperability. The value creation track focuses on providing sis systems guidance to to prepare for the organizations to prepare for the inevitability of disruption, and also be aware of the potential value that the metaverse can generate. Since the lunch the initiative has convened more than 150 partners and organizations, including my two co panelists here who are on the steering committee of the initiative, together with the two working groups exploring the seams across both both tracks on governance. The main themes being thus being explored are privacy security, interoperability, safety and identity. The value creation track started with exploration of the consumer facing matters, and we'll develop to cover industrial and enterprise matters over the time. And in the meantime, we will also research the opportunities and and and trade offs in access, inclusion, sustainability and wellbeing for those who seek to use a Metaverse through months of intense research, you know, countless of working group meeting and steering committee meetings, and the interviews with constituents from all sectors. Both sectors are now ready to release their first outputs. The first output of the value creation track is on the insight report the demystifying the consumer Metaverse and explores key components foundational technologies, rows and paths to economic value and growth in the in the singular consumer matters. The governance track is launching interoperability a briefing paper called interoperable interoperability in the metros. For the metaverse to operate seamlessly, you will need to require a certain degree of interoperable interoperability for user to move transact participate across different platforms and localities. The two tracks collaborate, collaborate closely with each other, to make sure that the value creation in the metrics is considered within a well established governance framework, while the governance recommendations remain cognizant of the economic and also social opportunities. And lastly, I just wanted to mention that although again, metaphors presents such significant challenges. It could also be used for immense, immense good, and especially when driven by purposeful and ethical, public private partnerships. Thank you, Kathy. I think that oftentimes, interplay between the opportunities and the challenges is really interesting. And I'm hoping Huda, you can elaborate a bit on that in terms of actually looking at exciting developments in regulation to address some of these challenges. What are these exciting developments in the regulatory sphere that will be unique to the metaverse? And what do you think the most pressing issues are? So first of all, I'm super proud to be part of this steering committee. It's been a wonderful journey, a journey that we're constantly debating and learning from each other. And I think the mix of government and private sector and providers and creators is really bringing this collaborative spirit of something that I guess we all acknowledge is an unknown. And it's constantly evolving in the UAE context, and to ask why why we are part of this. Really, we're actively exploring the potential of the metaverse both from a regulatory aspect, but also from a value aspect as well. And that's why the two papers really sort of bring to to fruit that there is there is there is tremendous economic and societal value on this. But if it is unregulated, then there might be some issues with privacy, safety and security as well. So that goes very hand in hand. We recently announced our Metaverse strategy. We've also recently announced our blockchain strategy and we've hosted an assembly so we're quite active in this in this domain. So there's a lot of exciting things that are happening. The regulatory funding, might understand regulation and excitement don't go hand in hand. But I think in our in our world it does. We see that there might be an exponential increase in innovation and new business models as well as connecting across borders when it comes to the metaverse especially when it comes to virtual boundaries. We'll be talking about things like cross border exchanges. So these are things that are quite exciting for for expanding markets as well. We want to stop focusing on reproducing physical spaces in the metaverse. I mean, what's the value of having a government office in the metaverse and ask yourself that you want to climb the stairs to that office in the metaverse, we have to ask ourselves, why are we still stuck in that domains we want to break through and we believe that the exciting things that that that breakthrough will happen. We also see that regulators will be acting more like referees rather than gatekeepers. And that code of conduct will actually take precedence over formulating policies. So these are areas that we believe are exciting. And if I could just maybe summarize it into four main aspects, and I think you you mentioned that ethical and responsible participation. That's that's, that's, that's at the core of what we're trying to do size neutral, then also tech agnostic. The second one we believe is fostering passporting. And this is when we talk about global interoperability and and the amount of of scalability will happen when we actually do support regulations and standards in that sphere. And the third one is on democratizing adoption. And this is about ease of access, acceptance, affordability, safety at its core, and this is something that we want to be quite sure in the technology is our sleeve is really xx expanding, we see that they're really exploring and, and unless that happens, it will be just for a few. And that's not what we're looking for. We do want it to be equitable. And I think the fourth one is supporting innovation, Regulatory Sandboxes. And we want to move away from just talking about generic frameworks, and talking and beyond declarations. We want to actually test these in real life. And the only way we can do that is through having safe regulatory bodies. sandboxing. And we're all familiar with that terminology. But what does that mean in the metaverse? And that's I think it's going to be exciting time for us going forward. Thank you good. I think regulators like referees is a kind of a nice framework to keep in mind as we think through kind of what these challenges might be in a constantly evolving, playing field to extend your metaphor. Yet, as we were talking about scale here, you know, how do we go from where we are today to where we're going to be in one year and five years times? This is where interoperability I think becomes increasingly important as Kathy, as you mentioned, how does this exactly help with that value creation? And what does ownership look like in this digital world of the metaverse? So thank you. It's a great honor to be here. I think the important question we have to ask ourselves is the time that we spend online right now, we create data, and that data creates value for but for who is the question, and it creates value for the platforms? And the challenges that actually, when you talk about data portability, what data are you basically porting from one to another, it's permission for the time being. And that means value creation, in the current format, can actually really truly exist to accruing to the end user because they don't own that data or the derivative of the data. Because after all, we can ask ourselves a question, you know, if we weren't driving Tesla cars, would Tesla actually have the ability to become a self driving car, the value actually came from the people who are driving it. And that is true for name, your platform, basically, data paradigm. So what you know, and so the challenge that, you know, we're still debating and discussing is around this interoperability. Interoperability only means something we think if you have ownership, but what does ownership of your data look like? It's not just your photos, it has to be the derivative of that data, but the value of that data generated, right. And so when you then are able to move it imagine just from paradigm of, as I say, games, which is another way where, you know, 3.4 billion people are playing games today, all of those digital items that they have inside those games $200 billion of value generated last year alone. Actually, none of the players own any of those assets. They don't own that. But where this business will grow and is when there's interoperability, if you actually own it, you will have the freedom to take your assets from one game to another, or maybe create new gaming experiences for those who want to create a new game based on someone else's ownership as we do in the physical world. But that means we have to sort of rank or sort of sort of wrestle around this topic of tutors ownership and maybe digital property rights is one area. Is the answer web three. Do we use blockchain as a way to validate basically this ownership? Is it regulation? These are all things, obviously, that we're trying to come to terms with. But I think at the foundation, if you don't have true digital property rights, then you can actually have digital freedom, the freedom to transact, because it's always permissioned. So I think that these lies at the foundation of making interoperability benefit everyone. Thank you. Something that seems like it's coming across. And a lot of the comments here today is really the individual at the heart of the center of how we're thinking about defining what is a very technical and a very digital virtual space. Putting people at the heart of design, Kathy, that's something that the initiative is sort of working towards developing. Could you speak a little bit more about what that means? And especially around issues of accessibility? How are people actually going to be using that space? And how do we make sure that that really is an inclusive environment? As much as it can be? Yeah, absolutely. That's a great question. So when we think about, first of all, when we think about the metaverse, we don't think about the metaverse necessarily, as the end state is just ongoing digital transformation. And what that means is everything we're doing now needs to be translated properly into, you know, the future of the internet. And we've been saying for years that human rights should be respected and translated into the digital context. That means that the rights that you enjoy offline, and the rights to privacy to security that you have offline, to be translated into our language world as well. And that's why we keep preaching that the future of the Internet therefore the metaverse needs to be human first, because human needs remain at the center of the of the design and that comes with Many different realms, for example, privacy, security and safety when we think about all the issues related to the design of the internet, and many of the pitfalls who actually didn't foresee when the internet, you know, was born 40 years ago, we now need to carefully, carefully think about how we can, how we how can we safeguard the future of the of the internet. Accessibility is one thing that's extremely important. We're talking about accessibility, not only in terms of disability, but we're also talking. So here we're talking about, you know, people who have different eyes sides, different, you know, preferences, they may, we need to think about when it comes to design of the headsets, we need to consider all of those those requirements, and also demographic and also geographic divide as well. We need to make sure that this doesn't create another opportunity, another chance for the further digital divide to occur. So all of those needs to be thought through. And that's why, for example, even the, for example, the interoperability paper focuses on looking at in trouble interoperability, not only from the technical perspective, but usage across different demographic and geographic and also jurisdictional interoperability. Thank you. I think that point about the metaverse as this evolving, next step of the internet is really interesting, especially if we look at some of the challenges that have been experienced in the internet thus far, one of which, of course, privacy. Yeah, I'm hoping to your experience, if you could speak a bit to how you see those continuing debates around privacy online. How you see that happening when we started talking about this virtual world at the metaverse. So I think the way we think of privacy, and I think, first of all privacy, digital identity, security, they all go hand in hand, we really see that happening right now, if someone basic intrudes on sort of your personal digital space, they steal your identity, it's actually much more, we have digital reputation today as well, it's you know, it's not just sort of our sort of physical identity. It's our virtual persona, our virtual image that is actually important. And so in terms of privacy, how can you basically do the things online, particularly if you look at somebody doing on chain, everything then becomes transparent, you see what you're doing? Is that something we want, as some things in our life that we want to keep private to ourselves? The data that we give, for instance, we want to be able to get the benefits of that. But then how much of that should be disclosed to others? Do we have the right to basically maintain that data? Do we have the right actually not to share it? Can we not share it? Right? That's the other question. Because actually, I think we all can assume that the platform's probably know a whole lot about us that we don't actually believe they might understand. Or maybe they may even know more things more about us. How are we able to sort of analyze that? And I think the answer to us again, goes back to the question of, actually, if we have a form of digital property, if we have proper digital property rights, then there is a form of a legal system, I think the protection on digital privacy isn't going to just be a technical solution, it's going to have to be one that is covered in law, because we are humans, where people we live physically, as much as we love to exist virtually for many of us, I guess, and we spend most of our time online, we still need to follow the places, the physical laws that were in the physical countries we live in. So I think the interplay, and the combination with regulation and with government is going to be very important for that. Absolutely. And part of this also is a constantly evolving nature of innovation within that space. Who does you mentioned in terms of looking at innovation? sandboxes? You know, how can we think through what's next? In the metaverse, I was hoping you could speak a bit to some of these developments, these innovations and where you see some potential for the metaverse to be that force for good as as Kathy mentioned, you think? Definitely there's there's a lot of exciting things happening in this sphere. And we talk about force for good. We talk about human centered metaverse. And we really, as a steering group have been addressing that as well. And we've really put it at the core public value and interoperability as Kathy mentioned, that doesn't look at just technology. And in fact, when we when we when we were debating this, it's really value to presidents in all the different aspects that we looked at. With with exciting things. There's there's a lot of exciting things that I would say is trying to mitigate potential risks. So if we put it that way, one of the areas that we're finding quite interesting is on mental wellbeing. And, and with the amount of time that we will be spending in the metaverse the hybrid between physical and virtual it will take its toll on mental well being and we've seen a lot of countries that are really actively pursuing, embracing new technology and brain health into the regulation quite early on. So this is something that's exciting. It's very early days, but it's something that we should learn from each other. And that's the beauty of of all of us exploring in this sphere. The other aspect that we're looking at his new forms of harassment, and security and safety and, and the reason why there are new forms, and it's actually happening web 2.0. It doesn't mean it's, it's something that we have to anticipate for Metaverse is because technology is constantly evolving. So the forms of harassment are changing. And the core of what we're trying to do, here's the only way we can tackle this is by being agile. And agility is at the core of all of this and and because we cannot see what's coming next we see the chat. The chat AI that we're that that recently taken over all of the universities debate right now. So it's either we anticipate the future, which at this industry is not as easy to do, or we program ourselves to be agile, to be able to evolve with the technology that's evolving around us. Another key thing is being proactive for risks, and hence sandboxing those potential areas, I think one of the things that we as regulators always dabbled with is the timeliness of regulation. how fast or how late and the report does talk a lot about that as well as that, How soon should we be involved? Or how much space should we get for the industry to grow? And then jump in? And, and really it there is no right answer to that. And it's really depends on the severity of the impact it will have on society. And at the same time, the severity of impact will have on growth and and technology as well. Thank you. That's a really interesting point you brought up around mental well being harassment, risks that could potentially come up in this space as it has in the evolution of the Internet to date. Kathy, I'm hoping you can bridge this with some of the other work we're doing around digital safety and digital safety, especially in the metaverse, what have you found to be most effective at addressing these concerns? Absolutely. So back to the earlier point about, we need to first First of all, recognize that there's digital rights, there's human rights needs to be properly placed into into this context. And that's the first step because if we talk about the safety in the web 2.0, in terms of the nature of it is not that different from from web 3.0, or the future of the Internet, is just the the magnitude of the kind of content you probably need to moderate is going to be at a different level, because we're not talking about only text base, or image base, you know, harmful content, potentially, there could be, you know, because we're talking about audio, and gestures, so a lot of the anthem and femoral communications will need to be taken into consideration. And they will need, you know, innovative technologies to detect some of the, you know, harmful content or inappropriate conduct. When they happen, there needs to be proper ways of intervention and appropriate, you know, risk assessment framework in place to make sure that we do design the spaces, you know, safety by design. So those are all the very important things to be taken into consideration. And again, you know, without a public private kind of collaboration to look at this, those challenges all together, I don't think we can get there. Thank you very much. I'd like to now open it up to the audience, if we have any questions. I'm happy to All right, thank you. My question was about the property rights and the value chain. Do you think the cats out of the bag and sensor that like, Facebook already knows everything about me? And how can I get there have to be some? Yeah, a lot of the jet chat GPL GPT? I don't know. But they already know about me, and I didn't even know it existed. So like, how do you how do we get those rights back when they're already seemingly been passed away? Well, that's a great question. I think what a lot of people look at, for instance, web three, as the next evolution of the Internet, or data basically be stored on a public database, which typically is typified by something like blockchain, it may not ultimately take that form. But that's basically how many people look at web three and say, things that are on chain and a public database means that for the first time, we can truly own our digital assets away from these centralized platforms. And what that means is that network effects really what you want is to have the benefit of the network effects that that data generates. But in a sort of private database, you don't know what happens you can't see inside of So you can see inside these companies, so you don't know its value. Now imagine in a future that would be potentially web three, what actually what that would look like is that at the end of the day, you would know who had used your data at Facebook and how much value is generated? You wouldn't know okay, maybe you generate 1000s of dollars of value for Facebook, the natural response for you would be to say, oh, I should be receiving, you know, a share for that. This, by the way, is what what one was in were one or two information, we were able to transparently disclose what prices were sold for, and gave rise for these transaction, sort of commerce platforms, whether it's an Alibaba and eBay, because I could see what the price of rice was sold in China, as well in America from a Chinese farmer, for instance. And could they say, oh, you know, I want to basically charge more for that. More importantly, an intermediary might come in and say, Oh, actually, I can sell it for some kind of, you know, profit, and I will pay you more and creates a fair marketplace. So with web three, what happens is that data becomes a commodity. Now, you may say, okay, Facebook already knows everything about us. But really, it's the constant evolution of the data that matters, data becomes stale, right? It's not valuable, if it doesn't, if you don't keep adding to it. And so where do we then move our data thereafter? And that's basically where the next phase what some of us describe as web three, but other platforms are building up to have a way of doing that. So but you know, it's early days, in comparatively speaking, I think that's the opportunity. And obviously, platforms like meta are also thinking how they play in this environment, we also have to look at, for instance, how did Matt, how did Facebook grow, they grew actually through the API economy, and who basically built those economies, other companies who built product on them, and made it made them big. And for what, for a moment, actually, they were offering it to everyone. And then they started to create restrictions for various business reasons, for various regulatory reasons. And then basically, suddenly, people didn't have access to it. And they became, you know, inadvertently D platformed. Right. And so this is why permissionless is important, from, from at least our perspective, because if you don't have the ability to just change the rules at any time, as we have with physical property, then you can actually build a stable business. Imagine if you owned what apparently on your physical property, and the rules kept changing every six months, or every 12 months, you can invest for anything beyond the six or 12 months. But if you knew you owned it, you know, because you can have the, you know, for like 3040 50 years, then you can actually make a long term investment. And that's where interoperability and digital property rights matter. Because if I can actually make a long term investment, because I know it can be used in many ways, and because I'm an assured, absolutely assured of that ownership, then you can actually really enjoy the benefits of true capital formation. There is a sort of thing that you know, in some media might be perceived as negative. But non fungible tokens is one of such expression, I wouldn't say it's the only expression but it's one such expression of digital property rights. And we can see, for instance, what it's done for artists, as well as for creators of any kind, where they've been able to generate much more value, precisely because they own those assets. And they were able to receive ongoing royalties in a transparent manner, because it is on chain. And we see basically some of those benefits that are forming. And obviously, part of the working group that we have here is to try to make sure that we can make this open to all and also do it in a way that is inclusive for everyone. Thank you very much. I'd like to end by just asking each of my speakers in one line, if you could summarize your thoughts in five years. What is the metaverse look like? What is your hope for the metaverse? Starting with you, Kathy? In five years, I hope we are more clear in terms of the value that the metaverse could generate through different lenses. And we should have more clarity in terms of how to govern certain aspects of it as well. That will be my hope. Thank you. I hope in five years that it's not a terminology that people are still trying to figure out. It's an everyday practice that we don't even acknowledge that it's there because it's so ingrained in everything that we do. So we don't talk about the internet because it's part of our lives. So I believe in five years time, the metaverse will be part of our lives whether we like it or not. I think the metaverse I mean, I agree with everything. But I think the metaverse also will be entirely new national economies will spring out of the metaverse like a virtual society that is real because of all the transaction value, because of all the commerce that's happening on it. And I actually also believe that there's going to be for the virtual governance that will take place in the metaverse almost like a new set of countries, as it were. And I think that's going to bring up some very interesting conversations. But these are already kind of happening. You could see that the platforms are actually at scale, like many countries, but with the metaverse with ownership, we might have an opportunity where you could have sort of national virtual economies in which every user actually has a stake in it. And because it is a co owner of it instead. Thank you very much My panel of speakers here today and to everyone in the audience and watching from home. Thank you and goodbye. Thank you. Thank you 

Well, good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us here for what promises to be a very exciting conversation. If the size of the room has anything to go by there is already a lot of interest in the India story. It's a packed audience here at the World Economic Forum's 53rd annual meeting where India is certainly making its presence felt on the Promenade. I don't know how many of you have taken that walk. But the promenade basically dominated by of course, India and Indian companies, just for context, the conversation that we intend to have here is to really understand the India opportunity while at the World Economic Forum in Davos, a lot of the conversations around global groups, and there is no consensus yet on whether the global economy is going to head into a recession. If it is will it be a mild one will be a hard landing? I think there is consensus on one story and that is the India story. And that is what we're here to talk about. From resilience, which has been the story over the past 12 months to resurgence. What is the roadmap for that going to look like? We are proud here on CNBC TV 18 to partner with the World Economic Forum to bring to you this conversation here. We've got a very special set of guests joining us the IT and telecom Minister Mr. Ashman investor with smithy Irani, the Minister for child women development in Minority Affairs, and of course, the chief of Tata sons, and John, the children. Thank you very much for joining us. Before I get started, again, for context, what are the big mega trends that global investors and domestic investors are looking at when they look at India, consumption, it is going to be perhaps the largest market on the strength of the fact that we are today the world's most populous country, it could perhaps also be the workforce of the world because we have a very young population at this point in time. And that's the expectation, and the assumption and the estimates that many are making. And of course, the other big trends that India could capitalize on digitalization. And we've made inroads on that on the back of the India stack, what will that mean not just for the domestic market, but also in terms of taking this global is going to be the question and also how digitalization opens up the market in terms of access to credit access to finance, the spending and borrowing behavior of the Indian consumer. And finally, the big energy transition. India has also put together fairly ambitious goals as far as energy transition is concerned. It has its challenges, but it also throws up opportunities. So those are going to be the areas of conversation that I intend to take forward here with the ministers. And it's a question of let me start by talking to you as I said, there is no consensus on where global growth is headed and where the global economy is headed. Where there is consensus is that globalization, as we knew it has changed, there is a reshaping of the world that's taking place driven largely by geopolitics, which is now dictating how geo economics is going to work. So I want to understand from you, how is the Indian government looking at the multipolar world today, India's role in it, and specifically, in terms of roadmap to be able to get to whether it's 5 trillion or 10 trillion? Where do we where do you believe we stand on the reform roadmap, how much more work needs to be done? Thank you, Shireen. India has approached this entire transition, which is happening in the world in multiple on multiple dimensions. One, the first dimension is to make sure that India's economy is resilient. There is a good consistent six to 8% growth rate for a complete decade. It's not just one year or two year kind of thing, the thought processes to the thought process. And the policy framework, which follows is for a complete decade, six to 8% growth, with very moderate inflation. The second dimension is when the world is looking for resilient supply chains. And as you said in your opening statement, India has a very young population. So how do we attract large number of supply chain participants to India? How do we make it resilient? How do we use our research and development capabilities, and third part of course, the energy transition as well as the digital stack. So I'll cover all the three points when the pandemic hit, and the whole world was going through a very big crisis, which was humanitarian crisis, as well as it as well as an economic crisis. There were two approaches followed by various governments. The first approach was followed by so many countries was send out checks, make sure people get money in the hands they consume and that consumption will lift the market. There was a whole lot of liquidity pumped in the combined balance sheets of US Fed European economic, European bank and Japanese central bank. The combined increase in balance sheet was about 9 trillion US dollars. That created a very quickly Sugar Rush kind of growth, but it also brought with it unprecedented inflation. And that inflation is not going to go away so easily takes a time because pushing liquidity is easy. Taking it out is very difficult and it's always very painful. On the contrary, India adopted a very pragmatic approach, fiscal space that any country would have is always limited. It's always constrained. There is no unlimited capital in the world. Anybody can give those MMT theories, but that's Buncombe don't believe that capital is always scarce capital is always limited. How do you use the capital that you have? That's a choice that Prime Minister Modi ji made, he made a choice that very focused consumption, consumption and support to the most vulnerable groups, vulnerable sections of the population. So about 800 800 million people got limited financial aid, plus free food for almost third year now. So that was one very important part vaccination free vaccination program, again, 1.2 billion 1.3 billion doses in the first 14 months by now we have crossed 2.1 billion doses and completely done on a digital platform. The most important piece of this decision making that Prime Minister Modi made was with limited and focused consumption focused on the vulnerable sections, he put entire capital of the country into investment in infrastructure. Now investment in railways last year, the capex was 23 billion US this year, the capex is this fiscal, which ends on 31st March, the capex is going to be of the order of 26 billion US same as the story in railway in highway in power transmission, that increases the productivity of the country and gives us the long term growth potential of the country improves, it's, it's resulting into huge employment generation. Today, the country's adding on a on an average 1.5 million people into formal jobs every month. So that kind of stuff, those decisions have shaped the country's destiny over the last few years. And that is put us on a very consistent growth path of six to 8%. India is used to inflation data of five to 7%, because large part of energy is imported. So having inflation today at 5.8 5.9%. That's the latest print. That's very moderate. So high growth, moderate inflation. This we were able to achieve because Prime Minister took very pragmatic and a very focused approach. So I just want to come in on the point that you made as far as the divergence as far as the fiscal approach was concerned, while we did see the world move towards a great degree of stimulus, and that has led to as you now point at a high inflation in flight, inflation and multi-decadal highs, and now a new era of high interest rates as well, posing a big challenge for central bankers across the world. We've of course seen in India, interest rates move up as well. So fiscal consolidation is going to continue to be a key priority for the Indian government going forward. One very important part of this entire decision making was Prime Minister ensured that the fiscal policy and monetary policy they work in tandem. There are so many examples in the world, I wouldn't take any names, where the fiscal policy was going in one direction and the monetary policy was going in another. We asked central bank didn't have to reduce dropped interest rates, like a brick didn't have to increase the interest rate like a balloon, it was a very moderate very balanced view of things. So our central bank today is in a very good position with a good balance sheet of the central of the central government. Our central government's liabilities are just about 52% of the GDP and GDP growing nominal at 11 12% is a very good situation to be in. So I think yes, fiscal consolidation is very important priority. But what is important is we have to look at growth as the primary driver moderate inflation as the primary decision point and combined, combine the fiscal and monetary policy to create continue that momentum for next 10 years. Well, I'll come back to you in just a second, sir. And I will get to miss Irani as well, but I want to get the private sectors voice into let me come to Enchanter shaken, tender, you know, Mr. Vishal spoke here about capex and for the last several years now, it has been the heavy lifting that the government has done in terms of pushing infrastructure pushing government capex and that really has provided the Philip as far as growth is concerned. The big question is, when is private capex going to take off or be at that inflection point at this point? Is it another six months out? 12 months out? I mean, you know, you have from the house of Tatas view from steel to to consumption to digitization, at this point in time, what's the indication that you get in terms of the heavy lifting that the private sector is likely to do in capex to push growth? I think I'll make a couple of more comments to support the view expressed by the Minister. Not only the debt to GDP is currently at 52% the start to the pandemic is 52% from a decade ago of 78%. So we are in a much, much better position today than 10 years ago. So, overall, I think our balance sheet and our even if you take the private sector, overall private sector debt debt to equity ratio is point five. So we are in a very, very strong wicket. Now coming to the investments. We run a large group with portfolio across b2b b2c, industrial businesses, consumer businesses, tech businesses, traditional businesses. And the consumption that we are seeing is just fantastic. Actually, we're not only seeing it in the urban areas, we are seeing it in the rural areas. In fact, the consumption we are seeing in tier four towns, for even discretionary items like electronics and jewelry is higher than what we see in tier on tops. So the consumption is very, very strong. We have been seeing that for the last few years. And we have seen it in the first half of the last year we delivered a growth of Cundiff 8% on a group wide basis. And this year, that is the year ending March, the first half, we already seen 19% growth, in all likelihood will be 20 to 23% growth. So I think the consumption led growth is very strong. And with the infrastructure spending that's being done by the government will definitely add to this as a tailwind. Coming to the business. Investments in capital, I can talk for our group to start with, I think we have a very, very huge capex outlay between steel, auto electric vehicles, renewable energy, batteries, electronics, and a host of other businesses, our capital commitment for the next five years is $90 billion. So I don't know where this fear that private sector will not come in, is coming from. But at the end of the day, private sector takes time, because we can't just announce the outlay, komen can decide that we're going to make an outlay of $20 billion dollars towards this and that they can work out the plan, we can do that we have to make a business case, we got to go to the board, we got to get a spreadsheet, we got to see what is the IRR, what is the ROI? What is the ROC? Okay, all of this takes time. But I think the opportunity is huge opportunity is huge. And I think the six to 8% growth. At the low end at 6%, we will achieve $20 trillion by 2047 at the high end at 8% yield $30 trillion. So the number will be somewhere in between. And so I think the opportunities is real and private sector will come in differently. You know, since you talk about the opportunity, and I want to connect what we heard from Minister version of and link that back to you in this era where one of the mega trends that everyone here in Davos is talking about is a change as far as globalization is concerned. Also, how geopolitics is reshaping, globalization, friends shoring, nearshoring These are terms that are coming up practically in every conversation, I know you believe firmly that we should not follow the argument of China plus one It must be an India plus one strategy that we must adopt and take forward. What does that mean exactly? Take a couple of minutes Yes, please please. I believe I just want to make this point clearly there are three global transitions that are happening this is for every country developed or developing. First one is a digital or eight I call it a transition digital transition is is you know is a very broad term. Second is the energy transition. And the third is supply chain transition, geopolitical transition, whatever it is all the rebalancing, we are talking about and everything else we talk is all within these three. India is uniquely positioned in all the three on the digital transition. The reason we are uniquely positioned is because we got a fantastic tech sector. We got a huge talent pool. I mean, the number of Tech graduates pass out in India is the highest and not comparable to any other country in the world. You can combine multiple countries still they won't match the law. But of graduates reports out there in the last five, six or a decade, we have demonstrated that we can leverage technology and do developmental projects and public delivery at scale. And you know, this was most exemplified in the COVID handling. This has to be seen not only as a technology transition, I call it an attitude transition, what has happened in India, the mindset and attitude has changed. Every other country went for a COVID era for COVID, Pfizer or Madonna, India in the past would have run helter skelter and see how to get a Pfizer or Madonna. But in this situation, in the peak of COVID, the country had the guts to say that we will do it alone. And there is something to be said about that. And that attitude, combined with the example of large scale digital transformation projects, I mean, we built the whole app on the fly to, to accelerate 1.3 billion people, we were all in a call every Monday evenings around eight o'clock. business and government. So that's why the digital transition, we are extremely well placed energy transition we will place because we are probably the only nation of scale, where two thirds of our growth for the next 25 years is going to come. So all of our energy per capita is the lowest in the world. So it'll increase the amount of energy we're gonna consume is so much. And all of this is new energy. So we are not replacing the the bad energy, we are creating new energy for development. And to do this transition in when there is growth, all of us who are in business, no growth fixes every problem. You can have any problem, it'll all be fixed big growth, I always say that priority should be three priorities should be growth, growth growth. And I think we have that opportunity to make the transition beautifully than any other nation. The third one, the question that's been asked is India plus, I think it is not about replacing somebody. The world needs resilience. Resilience has to take precedence over efficiency, or the last 50 years, we have driven efficiency, beyond belief, so now we have to go back to being effective first, then put efficiency second. So the India plus is for India to take the lead to build the supply chain ecosystem. It's not one on person's game, nobody can do it alone. We need partners, we need to work with other countries, we need to work with companies, US companies, Western companies, other companies, who are willing to work with you on transparent basis. So India plus when I say that, I mean India takes the lead and builds this ecosystem, so that we become an alternate resilient supply chain for the world. It is not about replacing somebody. Well, thank you. Thank you for explaining what you mean by India plus. And I think this, again, is an issue that is being debated at this point in time that as more and more countries like India, move towards creating these ecosystems move towards creating their own supply chains. Will it have an impact on inflation in the long term, but that's a matter for another debate at another time Minister Rouhani let me address the issue of inclusive growth with you because as Mr. Chandra Shekar and pointed out, growth addresses many problems. But the point of inclusion also needs deliberate choices to be made. And that's what I want to understand from you the work that's already been done, what more can we expect now on being able to create a social protection net on being able to ensure that the widening income inequality that gap reduces is bridged as well? I think if I am permitted to reflect in the eloquence of Chandra, there are two things that I would like to take forward from what he said. Firstly, what happened in the pandemic is that tenacity of tech, but the audacity of administration, and that is what India has said to the rest of the world. And when you talk about inclusive growth, when you talk about Social Security, what the Prime Minister has done, is that he has re strategized how you look at welfare and through his policies. And the only part that I'll differ from the eloquence of Chandra is that there is no short gun pronouncement of outlays. There is a strategic pathway that is designated before the money is put to the number of the plan. So when I talk about Social Security, as you have so pronounced it, Prime Minister Modi looked at it from a social investment point of view, and that is a reorientation and governance. That hasn't happened before. How did it play? out to under speaks about the consumption levels into four levels of our country. How did that consumption get fueled, you have doorstep delivery of free food to 800 million people, thereby somewhere conserving their consumption capacity and their purchasing power then gets either conserved or repurposed somewhere else. Apart from food, what you have done for a billion plus of your populace, and especially for those who are marginalized, those who are poor, is protect their pharmacological needs. In a pandemic, you have delivered 2 billion doses of vaccine. And that is why I said that the tenacity of tech met the audacity of administration. As he said, the easiest thing for India to do, would have been somewhere a victim of the compulsion of the electricity with which the pandemic was spreading, that there would have been many pressures that a government faces that import that vaccine. And it takes a lot of political strength to withstand that pressure, and belief in the capacity of Indian industry to rise to that occasion, knowing well, that in time when global supply chains are choked, or shut down, your industry has the capacity to fulfill your need, domestically, and not only fulfill a need, but also ensure that jobs are kept secure. And that is what the India story is. And again, extending from a Chandra says, Why do I believe in the India plus one story usually began this entire discussion about how globalization is getting redefined. And now when we talk about the India story, we say, we now reflect the moody ethos of human centered globalization, that when many countries were devoid of pharmacological help, when they were struggling to get their needs of PPE sorts of vaccines met, India knew that there are many countries with a back to the wall. We did not commercially exploit that urgency of many societies, we were still human enough to supply pharmacy needs of many countries at times at no cost, and at times at just about the cost of production. And we did it not only out of a governance plan, we did it out of an Indian plan. As Chandra said, there are many industry captains in this very room, who are on call 24/7. We've told the world especially at Davos, we never closed for business. But we were at business, both of governance and manufacturing, especially when the bullet shut down. And that is the potential of India that needs to be pronounced from every corner. We did not profit from your misery. We were humane in our approach. We were resilient in protecting our supply chains. And we still served a common global cause. Well, thank you very much for that very eloquent insight into the audacity of administration and, of course, the convergence with technology. But, Mr. Bester, let me address the issue of opportunity and the roadmap ahead. One of the big things that everyone here is talking about is the PLI schemes, the government is announced and rolled out bailout schemes across 13 different sectors. There are different stages of evolution at this point in time because the dates of rollout were different. The question now is, in light of the success of the schemes that have already been rolled out, does the government feel more emboldened and confident to do more to include more sectors under the PLA schemes, and for existing schemes, for instance, like the fame scheme for the benefit of our viewers who don't know, the scheme that was brought in to try and accelerate the growth of electric mobility? The sun sets on many of those schemes in the next year or so? Will the government like to continue because investors investing will also want predictability and a roadmap of what incentives will look like? Are we likely to see an extension of the existing subsidies and are we also likely to see new PLI schemes and new incentives being brought in? So PLA scheme has proved out to be very successful, both for the government as well as for the industry. In terms of government to what Mr. Chandra said, we don't put money just like that. We do have our calculations. We do economic IRR. You do financial IRR. So it's division upfront. Of course. So Ivan just take PLA as an example. The outlay for PLA was about 24 billion US the additional taxes that we are going to get just from the mobile PLA is going to be of that order. So just one mobile PLA pays for the entire VLA that we have for all the sectors combined together the actual tax contribution additional incremental GST and incremental income tax is going To be significantly more than the outlay that we put for it, what has happened is PLA has PLA first brought the assembly to country right? Over a period of time over a period of last one and a half years, the assembly is now going deeper and wider component supply chain is shifting to India. Indian homegrown companies are coming up with components as well as many critical parts of the supply chain. And that is what is very, very encouraging. That is what is really good. We believe that, for example, this iPhone 14 is made in India, right. And now, quite a few parts of it forgot a few components of it are now getting made in India. So that makes a huge difference. It is adding jobs. It is creating new economic opportunities. Are we likely to do more pls? Yes, there are many more PLA items in the work for example, hardware it for servers for laptops for PCs, that is another piece to be still in works, there would be this approach has worked well. So there wouldn't be more sectors that we consider that there will be more sectors and you brought up that iPhone and yes, we have seen Apple to its partner Foxconn shipped a large part of its manufacturing now to India, including assembling the iPad, which is now likely to take place in India as well. Is there also recalibration in positioning strategy in the context of what we heard from Chandra and I know that just today apparently, the government is cleared investments from 13 companies that are linked to the Apple ecosystem so that they can assemble the iPad in India, is there also recalibration of strategies to say, it doesn't matter if the money comes in from China or anywhere else as long as it is creating jobs in India. Of course, we do follow the trusted supply chain concept in multiple sectors, including electronics and telecom. But what I would like to say is that people today, as Mr. Chandra said, people want effective and resilient supply chains, the cost efficiency, which was driving the entire globalization, that is no longer the sole factor. Today, supply chains have to be anti fragile, supply chains have to work whatever be the magnitude of the magnitude of global disruption. So combine all those factors and the experience that we have had in the last few years, there would be many more supply chain partners who are looking at alternate geographies alternate places, and India is of course a very important destination. There is a stability of laws, Prime Minister Modi has shifted, has deleted about 1500 archaic laws from the statute book, about 20,000 compliances have been removed from the compliance framework that we have, and a lot more simplification is happening, the reforms that Prime Minister did in the telecom sector today at telecom tower, which used to take seven eight months for permission. At 70 80% of the cases, it happens instantaneously, as an instant as in 00 time. So it's like you press your Enter button, make the payment and you get your permission. It's as simple as that. So things are improving on a sector after sector, there is simplification, space has been open to private investment. There are young startups who are now launching satellites. It's a totally, totally new story in the country, green hydrogen hub, the hydrogen mission, which has been approved a couple of weeks back. Already, we have 174 gigawatt capacity from non fossil fuels, which is 42% of India's total energy. So it's a it's a very consistent, multi dimensional very resilient, very well thought through approach towards economy tender if I can address the issue, we talked a lot about the domestic opportunity, and what that means both for domestic investors like yourself as well as global investors. But I want to shift the focus to talk about India's export ambitions because for us to be able to get to the kind of growth that we are talking about whether it's 26 trillion or 30 trillion, exports will need to be a significant growth driver. Of course, the global macros are more challenging at this point in time, but what do you believe the road ahead needs to be and I asked you this also in the context of you being in charge of the business 20 as part of the G 20. and India, of course, is taken on the presidency of the G 20. How crucial will it be for India to inc more FTAs for India to implement bilateral agreements to really push and accelerate exports going forward? I think exports is a huge potential for us to really realize the full potential of the country. We need the domestic consumption condemned fire. We need the rural to fire urban to fire. We need the experts to fire and we Our opportunities or, frankly, speaking is mind bogglingly broad. sector by sector, we can create huge opportunities. If you take exports, if we get the manufacturing story, right, for which a lot of steps are being taken, the government PLI, the unique opportunity of the global supply chain presenting itself. For India to take the lead for the India plus one opportunity will play out in every sector, it will play in electronics, it can potentially play in semiconductors, it can play in pharmaceuticals, it can frame it can play in food, it can play in across sectors, it will play. So I think the export opportunity is huge. And it'll it's a natural natural success that will come once we create the capacity. The even if you take for example, we decided to put us in India will not go into the have you decided by the way, have you made that decision? Are you are you going to do it or not? It's not I said no, this is a process we go into the process. semiconductor is not about capital semiconductor is about ecosystem. We had to worry about the material we had already. But all the ecosystem players, you have to bring the entire entire group together. So that's where the that's where it is complex. But once the first one is set up, automatically, second, third 1/4 will never become so you're not going to be the first thing shouldn't you're paid to ask questions I'm paid not to answer. I'm just doing my job. So I think export is a huge opportunity to play. And I'll tell you there are two or three other opportunities, what India will do in healthcare, potentially, between the government programs, and the way the private private sector can follow the I call it digital methods to skill, more skilled, low skilled people to completely transform the healthcare services delivery, especially in primary care. I think we will be the example for the rest of the world, both developed and developing. If we pull it off, we have the potential to pull it off. But we are not there we got to be able to pull it off the second sector care sector, we are going to need tremendous amount of focus on the care sector, we create so many jobs, and so many adult population we are going to have and that's going to be a huge business and that actually using the digital technology will be again, an opportunity to serve the world tourism sector, you hardly get 10 million tourists, India should be at least getting 100 million tourists. And you do the math. If if 100 million tourists one week $1,000 spent per day $5,000 You do the math. That's the potential but all that will come once the infrastructure gets done. And the government program and the airports I think 26 airports are I don't know what the what the number is, so many airports are coming in. And investment in rail investment in surface transportation, shipping, all of these things will play out. So I think we should not see it as next five years, 10 years. But if we take the abrupt call, the 35 years, we take the next 20 years, I think Lord is going to happen. And we are going to be fortunate to play a part and witness all of this happen. I'm very confident but we could execute. We could execute execute execute. Minister, Danny, I want you to build on that some of the opportunities that Chandra spoke of as well as some of the unrealized potential and that gap is fairly large. And that is what the aspiration is that we will be able to bridge that gap on areas like healthcare on areas like the care economy in the context of can India actually deliver on the aspiration of becoming the workforce for the world? What next can we expect? What are the priorities? I think that if you just take one tenant of what professed with regards to our export potential, and if, as he says we fire off and execute from a rural perspective, what are our prospects? So let me apart from health dip into one very basic work ethic. We have seen in the history of our country that when you do a Rural Employment Guarantee program, there is a work ethic which says you show up you sign and you will get that money. What Prime Minister Modi did was you show up you build capital assets for the rural infrastructure story. You get the money and you keep showing up. We keep building that infrastructure, the grassroot and the story goes on. Apart from health and let me just bring your attention to a ministry called the cooperative affairs ministry. The cooperative ministry Just a week and a half ago pronounced three very ambitious plans. But as you know, Prime Minister Modi, once he announces it, he ensures that he meets the goals that have been set. What are those plans about? They are a reflection of exactly what Chandra says, How do you fire up the export potential of your agronomic society where you're not focused only on agro processing, but you also take it a bit earlier than that and look at pre processing opportunities, which means what you're telling the world is in India, investment opportunities exist, not only amongst the big players, but we are creating opportunities at the grassroots. Also, what is the work ethic apart from building capital assets that we have seen? Again, apart from health, let me give you the story of the self help groups. Now, people would presume that this is a coalition and a congregation of 87 million women who possibly don't know how to talk around financial services. But the reality is that they are managing a credit fund worth between 30 to $35 billion every year. And they are bringing a unique skill set by become a part of the rural supply chain. Can we fire that up and complemented with our export potential in agriculture? Absolutely we can. They say data is the new oil. What is the reserve that India sitting on? If I again reflect on Chandra's healthcare potential Ayushman Bharat services 100 million families, if there is four persons per family, that means just our very rudimentary health plan services 400 million Indians and services them through physical infrastructure and digital services. We are the one nation which can if I talk about the gender perspective, while we are talking vaccines, what is that silent revolution that is happening, which can be complemented by investments from pharmaceutical companies. We've had in the past one and a half years, over 100 million women from four stratas of society go to a medical institution, brick and mortar across the country get themselves tested for cancer of the cervix and breast cancer. I'm imaginable. Because people presume that culturally, this is not an acceptable term of conversation, especially publicly amongst Indian women. But what we have expressed is that when we have an access to a service, and when that access is also economical, we know how to use that service. So we've created that case for the world to reflect on that as consumers, irrespective of whether you think our rural landscape has the potential or not, we have the intelligence to use the digital services, or the healthcare more brick and mortar services, and bring about a huge churn. So when we talk about delivery of free food to 800 million people, what we never reflect on is that for the past two and a half years, there has been a consistent administrative performance of going to the doorstep of 800 million people, which has not happened in any part of the world that shows not only tech prowess, but it shows the human potential of India, we have the potential in general is right that one of the big transition strategies is based on skill. In India, is it only based on dissemination of skill to a segment of population? Or is it that tenacity, the audacity of the average Indian to repurpose their skill to address a challenge? Short story in India by February, when we were hit by the pandemic, India had only an import supply 55,000 PP suits, we did not have raw material we did not have machinery. And we had zero companies. March when who had just pronounced the standards industry got together with government and said we do not have a single lab to test it. How do we work? global supply chains had shut down. And PP suits were a premium people will literally fighting on every one shipment. What did India do? In one month, Indian industry and government turned around 11 labs in the country with high technology and service by the digital. I think part of the industry capacity level labs in one month. We did not dilute who standards, and we repurposed our manufacturing in the apparel sector. And suddenly from zero companies in just one and a half months, we went to 1100 companies. And in three months, we became the second largest exporters of PP suits in the world and at frugal costs. And that is why I say why do I support with Chandra says about the India plus one story we knew There is an economics to the pandemic, but we did not profit from it. We repurposed our skills, our manufacturing base, and we did things that nobody in decades thought possible. That is the India story. Well, I think you've made that very impassioned plea about telling the India story. So let me throw it open to the audience here. I'm sure many have questions. Yes, sir. Go ahead. That's microphone coming to you. Hi, I'm Ian Lindsey and adviser to the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Bahrain, I actually led an investment mission into India, in June of this year, visiting Delhi, Mumbai and Hyderabad, and the splendidly named cyberabad. In Hyderabad. Ministers, you've talked earlier about potential, huge potential, but also India is already there, you know, the fifth largest economy in the world, with the largest democracy in the world. And of course, you're chairing the G 20. This year. And we heard earlier from Chandra at the CII delights breakfast, that the you've got your b 21, I think it'd be quite good to hear is you've talked about exports. But what does India bring to the table to quote you, Your Excellency, Minister earlier, what does India bring to the table on international business? Now that you are up there as having achieved economic strength? That's the word I'd like very much to hear from the panel. Thank you. Thank you very much. What both of you want to start and so one thing that we would definitely like to offer to the world is the India stack. Now, India stack, if we understand it, there is there was one approach where government was doing everything, I won't take any names. Government would like to control everything government would like to do everything in that particular geography. There is another approach where a few big tech, they monopolized everything. We in India in 2016, launched a totally new concept, which is public digital platforms, where the government invested in creating the platform. And then anybody can join it, for example, the payment platform. More than 300 banks have joined it, more than 1.21 point 2 billion people are using it. Hundreds and hundreds of startups are using it. So that kind of concept. And it's all open source to the point what can India offer to the international business, this is an open source available to everybody. Already 13 countries have signed MOU with us. And we'd be very happy to offer it to the world. And again, as Minister Irani said, This is not for profit. This is purely our soft contribution to the world. Minister. And I want to particularly because I just wanted to just complement what my colleague says. I think that when you talk about the G 20 presidency, especially as Prime Minister Modi has enunciated, what is it that we seek to contribute to there's a difference between saying what do we seek to lead and what do we seek to contribute to? And that is why the team has one world one future, and a part of that future is also climate change. Do you look at climate change from a responsibility perspective? Or do you look at it from an investment perspective, we have in India pronounced the largest hydrogen mission in the world. But also we are home to the International Solar Alliance. We are home to the coalition of Disaster Resilient infrastructure deal now the disaster relief, resilient infrastructure in India is domestically funded. But as Minister of National says, we are also using our technology to help give that support to mitigate climate change to nations which cannot afford that technology. Prime Minister Modi has opened up the space sector but now we lead is through and it's collaborative efforts with many countries who cannot afford that kind of space program to specially combat climate change. Is that a humanitarian opportunity? Yes, but it's also an investment opportunity. Mer Yes, please. I think this one has to be seen slightly differently from my point of view. You certainly India is already up there. I think yes, we are a fifth largest economy, but we are not there yet. Because we we have a long way to go. We will have to address the per capita income to a different level from where we are now. And I can give you 100 other metrics. But having said that, what India brings to the table and can offer the world is please look at the way India solving its problems. Whether it's a vaccination problem, or whether it is digitally connecting every citizen by doing this, what we have done is we have enabled the formalization of economy. What this is going to result in is almost 200 to 300 billion additional people coming into the formal economy. People always ask if the technology is going to is going to come in and says we will we will take our jobs, no, because technology is going to enable. So many people come into the market and participate in in the market that is going to drive phenomenal growth. So our solutions, you have to see India as building solutions to solve a problem. It is not technology, it is not one policy, it is a policy, technology, and other private sector participation, ecosystem development, that's how it is gone about it, whether it is I'm connecting the dots backwards, if you had asked me three years ago, four years ago, I couldn't have articulated it, and that India can offer and it may be tech stacks, were originally created a simple horizontal stack, which was a rather unique identifier, then we had the payment stack. Now we are getting into vertical stacks, there is a healthcare stack that is giving dollar. And all these open architecture, people can build business models on top of it. But the advantage of doing this is the big ticket cost of creating the backbone infrastructure, be it software or whatever it is, it is done once. If every private sector company is building it. First of all, you will put a lot of money first of all, second thing is systems will talk to each other and will take a lot of time. So I think there are many examples, but for the one of time, I'll leave it at that. Well, unfortunately, we're completely out of time. I know you have a question. Can we take one last question? Yes, ma'am. Go ahead, please. Yes, we thank you very much. And Mira Chatterjee, from the ZIVA cooperative Federation, we've got a microphone, please, have quite loud voice. We are a federation of 110 primary collective businesses of women very much appreciate what the Honorable Ministers and Chandra said and very much support our government's efforts. But I would also like to ask what we can do more or whether we can work together government, private sector, and those of us working at the grassroots to develop a fund, which will support women's collective enterprises and unleash their full potential. And the second, if we can recognize the care economy and the huge inputs and significant impact that we are giving. In fact, the informal economy, as we know, is 90% of the Indian workforce and where 55% of Indian GDP, right, so how can we develop the care economy more so that women's full economic potential is unleashed? Thank you very much for asking that question. I think that is the perfect conclusion that we could have hoped for. So minister, Ronnie, I'm going to give you the final thing. I'll just be very short. In my response, the Indian government every year gives an outlay of one lakh crore plus to only those coalition's of women across the country. These are the 7 million women I speak of, and that money is given to manage credit, but also economic activity. And as Chandra says, Where is the skill opportunity? Not only upscaling rescaling, but the entry level skill opportunity. If today I would look at the investment prospects and need as a woman I'm not speaking as a minister, what is the future like, which is better for Indian women? We have had a lot of entry level excitement in the SME segment with regards to women led businesses mudra Yojana, when it was pronounced, was not a gendered financial service. 320 million business loans given out for SME and 70% of the offtake has been by women. And that is what shocked many people. That means that in the rural landscape in the urban poor areas, it was the woman who drew up a business plan, went to a bank convinced that Bank of her business plan not only took that credit, but returned it because I NPAs for women led businesses is less than 1% or about less less, less than 2%. What is my ask as a woman of Indian funds or international funds, help transition women who are in the SME segment to midsize companies or who are doing well in mid sized companies not leading administratively But owning that business. help them transition into large corporation because every time you enhance a woman's economic power, she spends more on health care. She spends more in education, and she fuels those aspects of the economy with Chandra is very gung ho about that if you make sure that that transition happens from the SME segment, yes to not only big cooperation, but even mid size. That is the revolution India's waiting for. Absolutely that is clearly one of the very important revolution. We must ensure is unleashed because to truly unlock the power of the economy, we need to unlock the power of India's women as well. Minister Vesna, Minister Irani, and Chandra Shekar. And many many thanks for joining us here to give us your insights on what the India story looks like. And more importantly, where the India story is headed. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us here this afternoon. Appreciate your time. 

We are all aware that this is the largest refugee crisis in the 21st century, we have 18 million people in Ukraine that are in need of humanitarian support. 6 million people are internally displaced. There are repeated attacks throughout the country that have left millions of people without electricity, water supply or heating. With temperatures now below zero, more and more people need help with basic needs. And in September, last year, you launched the Alaina Zelensky Foundation, which was really looking at how you can, of course respond to this emergency but also restore a human capital of Ukraine. So we're here to talk about that a little in more detail, the structure of the discussion will be that I'll ask a few questions myself to get us started. And then, of course, we would love to also get some questions from our colleagues here in the audience, just to say that it is really focusing on on the topics that I just mentioned. We recognize that there may be, of course, curiosity around some military and political issues. But of course, Madam First Lady, this is her specific focus. So hopefully, we can we can mainly focus on that. So let me start with the foundation. The foundation works across the areas of healthcare, education and humanitarian aid. So if you could tell us a little more about the latest humanitarian situation, and what is the foundation doing to address some of those needs on the ground? Thank you, I will speak Ukrainian but we have our interpreter she'll help you. So simply whether your spirit knows to you a humanitarian and satiety your guardian deserves credit union. So I will start with the humanitarian situation in Ukraine right now. This is a one year problem on Bucha COVID-19, the VA needs permission years sober Lavanya Bucha. Interesting story, developing Lavanya, restorative Zara as a car that they use to be to improve Indian nationality. Apart from overall problems that we have in a country, which is the country more such as IDPs destruction of housing, infrastructure and ruination of people's lives. Russia is adding more and more trials for our country and the Predict near future I could see zoomy when they put to the news, YouTube and then additional infrastructure on the web is the role of the National Day for the 10 at the start of the winter, they started ruining our infrastructure to make sure that the country descends into darkness and to move this forward with a yachtie data recovery program with the dual Zappone problem the delay says chip requirements diploma electrical battery human ignatia Crane as a as a kid covered in underground MIT electric Can you want them Nicki Nadella colleges quality is actually just one thing you need to deal with the limitation of resources. So when I talked about humanitarian dimension, and this is what I mean by him, because what I call humanitarian assistance, as I mentioned, human dimension and overall from the back from the overall problems that we're experiencing. Now there's a problem with heating electricity. In many regions of our country, people are getting electricity burned a few hours a day. And in those regions that are close to the frontlines, they are completely cut off from any infrastructure whatsoever that's ya know that's exactly what no honey butter availability that is before the local government territory down here No, that was Russia. Just wait let me know and the good income Ableton Live session short for Nasik crypto sleep long enough. So the foundation is helping to meet the needs of these people who are still in the D occupied territories. These people are often living in half destroyed homes and we're doing everything we can to provide warmth and light for them. So much of that is chosen for visiting Rotterdam seropositive and demonstrate support the spine initiative February module The game isn't accepted and let it draw doctor was Bravo other snippets of your day last year became as low as three men the process gram of atashi peridinium way for the summer team the content of hubris avoided the deluxe version. This can be anything it can be diesel generators, heaters of any current climate, sleeping bags, even self made iron stoves where people can work themselves. There are even firewood and food, but we don't just get things together we make sure that the things we have got these people actually reached those who needed saving time in the moment because it has really shown the table of additional support and special needs in the world champ Burton national home edition was it a moment that said Maga T would you be a good observers, no kidding grandmother may give us offs in the Maya in additional solutions. So that sparked the humanitarian assistance. What's more for life to come back to the communities we need to provide people with adequate health care. Unfortunately, since the start of the war, our enemy have been destroying our healthcare, infrastructure and facilities. And what the foundation does is to rebuild those medical facilities that are desperately needed by the people in these communities. To get nowhere near Misko, liccardi Misuzu maybe to be children. Apparently no absorb all the visuals stood this issue they are chromatic. The number two parts here, which is with given these two words in color quantify what the numbers are going to come out of times that will show us typically in Quebec to our younger students, they also boost historiques de Baca to chance, internship other notation, he says, to me says, send me stuff. Same thing with young person the chair or the trigger with the with the new car. Esse was initially is the holder, my daughter was appointed by the partners economically it was a double check. The terms were to speak to me so sure, so Arauco was gotten way more protected and so on. I will give you an example, the Dow hospital of zoom in a zoom, around 100,000 People live before the war, it was then occupied. Unfortunately, most of the buildings, most of the infrastructure in the town was destroyed. When the enemy was retreating, and the Russians looted the hospital. nothing and nothing much is left. However, the doctors of the hospital stayed and even these conditions they continue to work. I can tell you a number of different personal stories with unfortunately, we don't have time for them today. But what I wanted to say is go live to return to the style. And to these people, we need hospitals. Fortunately, we are already finding and have found partners who have joined us in their efforts to restore these medical facilities and we hope that this year this project will be implemented. And shield now is squared away for the final frontier. When we do programmatic sales. The end result is just a stem of Ukrainian breakthrough and attack economic threats rather than my ability to write a budget Ukrainian should just test your liquids to recap number one. Number two, just follow the people in my cubicle at the moment we prepare a lot of details online, that it's a global, you're crazy enough to just go to the other massage chairs and receive them as you see them and take them to another important component of any normal life in any community is education. Unfortunately, the system and the dedication system in our country is not currently working as a green shirt because the schools are constantly being shelled and those schools that are not equipped with bomb shelters cannot function. So two thirds of our children are currently studying online. As I'm sure you remember during during the COVID lock downs. This happened everywhere. But our children unfortunately because of our aggressive labor have to continue to remain in this lockdown during combat All right, is that the spreadsheet? No do not have to delete a key production to take them out of the day. Yes, those reports frequently say either get your CSS version Ukrainian over to this new chicken or your comm. And search this news and the bullets here, as long as they're distinct see local versus national by the supermarket on E produto. Pachala. This isn't yet taking it from that budget slowcore Establish seaspan. So this is why the foundation is providing laptops for our teachers who continue to teach. I already mentioned this example. I really like it. And maybe you have seen this as well, because it went viral all over the Ukrainian social networks. It's a video of a teacher in the middle of St. ankle deep in snow with a laptop continuing to teach a lesson because this is where she was able to find where to find Wi Fi near supermarket. So this is what we need to do. We need to help people like that the foundation is doing everything. It was like our First Lady, thank you. I think you've described very well now some of the things that are needed. How can people that are watching us now around the world? How can they get involved with your foundation as opposed to going to the National Society you've seen it not every good, good repost of the project. You just got to change and that's known as a multi process volume costing was it on your proposal Center at Motorola international dramatic year? Last year that year is a it's a record is no good to review the people to people to do the portrait. This was not a coven and approval it was reversed. To push for a sense of direction which started another one Grammar School Board premier Academy Award Tuesday grammar book review criteria from the Gods command module night physician about CSF as we listen to Mr. Chavez Molina in a week they said we'd like the more minutes that the doula practice that the child is with you at the moment the rich Krishna, yes, shares of Teresa. So Linda, my mother matches gravity keep Washington. And as you know, she got married, if you put the youth now suit as a young adult who hasn't yet been achieved it between them. So they might say something, but you're a champion must be my enemy team. says to the losers? Well, that's actually very easy. You can find the areas that we work with on our website, I think it's very easy to help when you want to help and we don't just collect money, we actually are accountable, we report about how we use every penny that we receive, there's actually a very interesting option. It's called people to people. If you're interested in helping a particular school, if you if you're interested in so to speak, adopting a particular school or region, we can even organize, we can do that for you. Okay, we can even organize a physical visit for you if you're brave enough to visit Ukraine at the moment. So I think it's very easy. Just join us. Any guide to help was useful. Like I said, it's not just a goal to collect money we receive help inclined, for example, our partners provide us with the products they generate themselves. We help out in Portugal, who provides us with gas heaters. So once again, it's not a goal to just collect money, every help is useful. Thank you, man. First Lady, I was fortunate enough to be with you in one of the proceedings this morning where we met with CEOs that are either already supporting Ukraine or are ready to support the upgrade in the future. I think there was a resounding consensus that we can't wait to not only start talking about reconstruction, but actually investing in reconstruction until sometime in the future. We need to we need to do it now. You've had other engagements very busy agenda. So how would you describe your experience here at the annual meeting? Has it in one way or has it contributed to your efforts and update of your foundation and then I'll go to borrow literature confidence in international standards cultures and ostrich Scribner commercio. You will look it was not on the Quran says this chair has been very much a Muslim Colin needs to be trimmed to Ukrainian he says Cheers It's a company's diversity wouldn't you run COVID Ostrich him involves removing that they should in summary opinions and even humanitarian markets even Mr. Romney the promo said even the promo head co authors from grains Graham economic II yes just leave us to prep them. The DBQ was the porno and you're outta baccata plenty for tea roots yeah also Bluetooth key message it can be simple it is truly with receive Shan Oceania muy muy Moresby the data protests at the bottom of the move with notable Disha Zara's nechako chain that the colors are clean should set up see Rosemead potential extra mana Bucha now I'm assuming is after what is that piece now? It reconstructs didn't know when your grain it's in the process of it but over the horseshoes run on a bit Nobbling visual verbal muster UFC motor Lewis Yeah, those which have and continue to witness news was the coach the Bucha, budget Dojo baccata potensi network narrative used to retell the red lizard lizards and I would like to share my impressions of the summit and of the conference. Actually, we feel massive support. And we saw this in the meeting this morning with the CEOs and the international organization, this meeting is testament to that, we see an interest in helping you grow. In fact, this interest is very insincere. At the meeting this morning, of course, we were not talking about humanitarian assistance, we were talking about things on a different level, it was more about inter governmental support, and about helping whole sectors of the Ukrainian economy. And I'm very happy to see that there's a number of projects already, that are either being planned or already being implemented. A very clear message that we heard is that we shouldn't be talking about what we will do when the war ends. We're actually everyone already understands that we need to start about today, the talking about it today, because tomorrow will be too late. Reconstruction and Ukraine is not just going back to how it was before we hear it all the time, we need to rebuild better than then in the past, we'll build back but better. And in fact, this renewal, it will mean a more profound change in a more profound sense. And I'm really inspired but what I see here today because I can see a lot of potential partners who are helping us planning to help us are already implementing important projects. Thank you so much. Now the floor is open for a few questions. So I see the lady there and then lady there. Thank you so much for coming all the way to meet us. My name is Juan Singh reporter from China. And yesterday as a special address you mentioned that you would deliver a letter to the Chinese delegation. Can you tell us a little bit more about the letter thank you so much. Deputy energy replacement listing that's probably the full list President okra Yuna. criminate calm there's gonna Regnerus public finances in Pinna events a provider of credit score for Momoiro. This is punctae of Yuki Bochy to Karina the taco shop double the buta Where is if ik Swati Johanna Marina Oh, no prostitution, and yet the most should say above rest. The approaching at the yellow butcher it dollars per device has to say rest with the mighty. Thank you very much for your question. In fact, I don't read other people's letters. But what I can tell you is that it was a letter that we address the president of Ukraine addressed to the Chinese leader Mr. Xi Jinping. It followed the 10 point peace formula, which was introduced by the President of Ukraine in which he talks about how to win peace and how to maintain how to sustain this peace in the international space. I think it was a gesture of an invitation to dialogue. And I hope very much that there will be a response to this invitation. Thank you. Thank you. So Madam over there and then a gentleman here Mr. Solinsky. You told us yesterday that Can you introduce yourself please? Okay, I'm from the Austin Broadcasting Corporation Malian flats Mesa is my name. Thank you. Sorry. You told us about the children who were brought to Russia and adopted by force. Is there any chance to get them back and what could be done now nice quad Nisha truck ad expenditure problems equals RS message Docomo Zippy chest stretch navini. Tamasha Zosima marshwood Nadia Lohana temos Rosianna. To be honest, this is one of the worst This is one of the most horrific things in this brutal war because we have absolutely no no dialogue on this matter with the Russians. Next is up to the acumen that we see. Mostly with Jerrel when inevitably the diet well last year, probably isn't up there homecare, dog, skill kitten motorable. digitated kill Kathy CGT and wouldn't refer to Marsha Vinay and Nia torch nama Alam medicinal mushrooms rismedia exactly the hole that Rajnikant for my two nights just he has Nash trouble coin of Chaura Nash that Shakira sim Yoko the album Nirvana president is probably the to the pivot dollars chore clicker this year to give detail Chara below poverty. Now Christina let's say this person is spared security with critical jello yucky because it critic gees to hobo Nehemiah you came to know where to start and when to camo sidbury Yeah, Mala was a mistress mobile and random Sanitarium an amputee or a sham? You just gotta to know that as the module Bucha feminists chose Eve Renzetti Nazi yet this type now. Believe it or not the regressive left is most of the you roof with these two homies they've never got a stove Tasha detai shuba terrorist motive is this reminder more yet kidnap and Tamasha to deconstruct Nicolaitans Nash. That CGT tonus as an FPV die needs to mature mature Ross COVID. The protester Ustinov lewd objection as Greenskins ecan adapts Tom bears Spitzer on directly might pretend the more relevant mobile question is no more yet you more innovative any request that we send through any channels did not come back with an answer. Our approximate estimation is that several 1000 Children are currently being held in Russia. But I don't want to tell you any numbers because I'm not sure that they're exact. We don't really know where and how to look for information. Unfortunately, fortunately, fortunately, I know that just yesterday, our represented presidential representative on the rights of child informed us that a several dozen children were returned from Russia to Ukraine. But every time this kind of thing happens that requires special efforts on special. It's a special operation. Basically, there is no open dialogue or no action on that side. We have tried knocking on every door but unfortunately, we haven't had much result. I have spoken personally to the general secretary or secretary of the UN. Mr. Gutierrez and to be completely honest with you, I don't think that even the UN has enough influence over the aggressor country to change the situation. It seems that the Russians are using our children as hostages. It's it kidnapping, we can't really call it anything else. And it's horrific not to know where the children are and who is looking after them. They're being put up for adoption, but this is not in accordance with any Ukrainian laws. This is not following any proper procedure. And it's a horrific situation. We don't know how to look how to find a solution to it. Thank you. I think we're coming close to an end. So this will gentleman here and then the lady there and then we'll finish so over to thank you very much Stefan Lance, 20 minutes Switzerland and We have learned about this helicopter crash this morning, near Kyiv. I wanted to know what are your thoughts on the crash and the victims and maybe you have more information already on the cause of the crash. Thank you very much no matter what new Sheldon is roughly the new peak Jonas, you Christina. My butchers. Volkmar has developed a system of motion on the Jehovah's Witness to eliminate the crime according to the Raza Glennis tetrahedron so what Nia Yokota scrofa zebra Latina de Fleur de que le t with tomo Lita quartz a kidney stone, national ministers of nutrition expert of Assam ministry was to open again lenasia Helicopter F pub na very detaches yourself guide them that you know what liquidity she hasn't got as human observers Niemeyer the status Chabot Whistler this way mucha Musa when you see the Como niche in Estonia, do reverse COVID squared that a donkey another word, you have to see an emotional response. The lawmakers did comment for much too much too, and they never would you know, would revert that seriously during a chomo. Cedric Adium Stylism. Unfortunately, is just another horrible day for Ukraine. From the outside. It may seem that we must be used to it by now. But unfortunately, we're not. And this is another tragedy. This tragedy took away the lives of the people who are not only the people who are in the helicopter, which is the leadership of the Ministry of the Interior, including the minister and his deputies. The helicopter crashed into the kindergarten just outside the kindergarten unfortunately killed several kids. Honestly, I don't have the strength to express my emotions right now. I don't think I can put some words together to talk about it. And if I can't give you any more additional information it because I don't have it. An investigation will be held and we will find out the reasons of this for this tragedy. Motor ticket that that is for your service to which was supposed to do to Deborah's now appalling fan administrate laminates. She rescues also based on the personal level that the only thing I can say is that I personally knew the minister very well. And for me, this is particularly hard, because it's a personal blow as well. Thank you. And the last question from the lady there and that will conclude. Thank you, Mr. Wonka for your time. My name is Yasmine Serhan. I'm a staff writer at Time magazine. In a in a tweet, I think sometime this week, you mentioned how you were getting a lot of questions about Ukraine fatigue, and you've touched you've touched on how there is, of course, a lot of interest in Ukraine. But I wanted to ask you how concerned are you by the by the possibility of Ukraine fatigue and is it something that you've seen in this forum compared to the last year due to just appetite probably brain fatigue the urine and potential minutia of trauma to Hapa tiny niches Nakata tubes I believe toma with stormy sea flu day Yeah, give them a civil Ukraine. I'm often asked about the Ukraine fatigue and to be completely honest with you I already have the fatigue of the questions about the fatigue of the people who may be fatigued from the Ukraine fatigue What did you say Simon Stallman never provides a model just because that the feminine ketchup which has minimal assignment or drama because Allah prof Tom, it's a word Tilty protest Shan moto Liberty patania is another separate big Shinya Muslim it's It's Justin Uttarkashi CO is infamous scene a propaganda aggressor at the Michigan Abuja cartoon show. Visit Tom Woods vividness. But, to be honest, at this summit, I did not see the signs of fatigue. Although even at the previous summit, we were already talking about the possibility of the Ukraine fatigue. To me it seems like an exaggeration. I think this may be a part of the warfare, information warfare because I think our enemy would be very happy if the people who are fatigued from Ukraine on Sylvester Murray evening yesterday with the dark shadow Ribbit Yocto Musyoka into the process of overwrite the process relative to this show Buddha Columbo Tomomi sells the torch now Yup, nicotine budget. It's a 10 year don't sure if Dropseed innovative budget it's a thing. But can you just imagine then how Ukrainians are tired, how they are fatigued. But we don't only talk about it, we have to live this situation. Imagine what this day will be like when the Ukrainians are fatigued. I wouldn't want to see it. I don't think it'd be good for Ukraine or the world. Madam First Lady, thank you so much. This brings us to a close thank you so much for being here for this session. And thank you so much for joining us at the annual meeting. Thank you. Thank you for Your moderation. Thank you. 

Do you have had a chance for law or love Schultz? We last met in May here around three months after the onset of Russia's aggression against Ukraine, apart from immeasurable suffering for the Ukrainian people, so war has also had drastic consequences for the rest of your energy prices skyrocketed. Inflation made a comeback and energy security is off today. In order to defend Europe's independence and security, Germany under your leadership, Mr. Chancellor initiated at seitan vendor with consequences for foreign and security policy and also the surprise of a massive acceleration of the transition to renewable energy sources. This is why we are particularly looking forward to your participation this year. And hearing from you once again, welcome cancel. Professor Schwab dear class, ladies and gentlemen, what a difference a year makes when I spoke to you last year around this time, discussions revolved around the global economies path out of the pandemic. At the start of 2020, to many people were expecting a boom or at least a substantial boost for our economies transition towards climate neutrality. Then came February 24. Since then, Russia has been waging an imperialist war of aggression here on our doorstep in Europe. With that dreadful consequences that Ukrainians are bearing more than anyone. Just today, the Secretary of the Interior and 15 others other victims were killed in a tragic helicopter crash. We are with their families. But the war is also having an impact on all of us. For a while energy prices jumped to levels higher than we had ever seen before. Around the world production costs and consumer prices exploded. Many people fear that coal and oil will make a lasting comeback all across the world. If that were to happen, the 1.5 degree target would become meaningless. Our supply chains must be adopted to new geopolitical realities, realities that you called a messy patchwork of powers in your speech yesterday, close. And over all of this hangs a swath of duct damage plus the danger of a new fragmentation of the world of D globalization and decoupling. And yet, ladies and gentlemen, this is just one part of the story of last year, just one part of the reality that we are looking at here in Davos. The other part of the story is this. Russia has already failed completely in reaching its imperialist goals. Ukraine is defending itself with great success and impressive courage. A broad international alliance, led by the g7 is providing the country with financial, economic, humanitarian and military support. Germany alone made available over 12 billion euro last year, and we will continue to support Ukraine for as long as necessary. In Berlin, in Berlin at the end of October, we worked with international experts to draw up a Marshall Plan for the long term reconstruction of Ukraine. A platform of major donors is coordinating the process and in consultation with Ukraine, ensuring that it is well implemented. Private sector capital will play a key role here. I know that many companies in Germany and beyond a very aware of the opportunity Is that the Ukrainian economic miracle offered to them, particularly as the country moves toward the European Union after the end of the war. But in order for the war to end, Russia's aggression must fail. That is why we are continuously supplying Ukraine with large quantities of arms in close consultation with our partners. This includes air defense systems like Iris T, or Patriot artillery, and armored infantry fighting vehicles, marking a profound turning point in German foreign and security policy. And there's an other part to the story of last year. Within a few months, Germany made itself completely independent from Russian gas, Russian oil, and Russian coal. We concluded new partnerships and Asia, Africa and America, thus lessening our dependence. And so I can say that our energy supply for this winter is secure. Thanks to well food storage facilities, thanks to improved energy efficiency, thanks to remarkable solidarity within Europe, and thanks to the readiness of our companies, and of millions of citizens to save energy. As a result, energy prices have recently seen a huge stop and drop our measures to reduce the burden on private citizens, companies and businesses are working. Inflation is falling slowly thanks, incidentally, also to Resolute moves by the central bank's Industrial Production Production in Germany has remained stable over the past few months against all the odds are employment rate is at record levels and has recently increased even further. Most importantly, our transformation toward the Climate Neutral economy, the fundamental task of our century is currently taking on an entirely new dynamic. Not in spite of but because of the Russian war, and the resulting pressure on us Europeans to change whether you are a business leader or a climate activist, a security security policy specialist or an investor, it is now crystal clear to each and every one of us that the future belongs solely to renewables for cost reasons, for environmental reasons, for security reasons, and because in the long run, renewables promise the best returns. So yes, the past year brought fundamental change for Germany and Europe. But Germany itself has fundamentally changed as well. We are resolutely pushing forward with the decarbonisation of our industry. We want to be Climate Neutral by 2045. And at the same time, we will remain a country with a strong manufacturing sector. And despite all the difficulties this past year showed us, we can and we will succeed in that. In less than seven months, we built up an entirely new import infrastructure for LNG and welcomes half. In the future it can also be used for hydrogen. Just last Saturday, I opened our second LNG terminal within just a few weeks in loop mean. The day after tomorrow and other terminal ship is expected to arrive at the port of goon spittle, more will follow. This is not only good news for our energy security, and that of our European neighbors who will be receiving guests from these tournaments. Above all, it shows Germany can be flexible, we can be unbureaucratic and we can be fast. I spoke of a new Dutch lamp because when the cat in this regard a new German speed we will make this German speed the benchmark also for the transformation of the economy as a whole. Your companies can hold us to this standard. A new law mandates that the expansion of wind power, solar energy, as well as electricity and hydrogen networks. Now take priority. We will make available no less than 2% of our country for wind power with a minimum of red tape. We have streamlined our processes So that approvals for electricity grids to name just one example, are granted on average two years faster than before. And we intend to step up the pace even more. You can also rely on our targets, the obstacles have been swept aside. For 2023, we have more than doubled the volume of calls for tender for onshore wind farms alone. By the year 2030 80% of our electricity production will come from renewable sources, again, double what it is at present. At the same time, our electricity requirements are increasing from 600 terawatt hours today to 750 by the end of the decade, and we are expecting them to double yet again in the 2000 30s. This is a massive increase. That is why the Federal network agency has been given a clear mandate to prepare and expand our electricity grids accordingly, we will regularly review the progress made. If it's not unscheduled, the measures will be adjusted. However, electricity alone is not enough to run Germany's industry. I'm thinking for instance, of steel production hydrogen will play a decisive role there. And that is not a far off scenario. Last fall Tizen, Trump gave the green light to build a direct reduction plant for low carbon premium steel. With a capacity of 2.5 million metric tons, the plant will save 3.5 million metric tons of co2 per year. This is just one example of Europe's strength in innovation. Europe is the world's number one in hydrogen patents, and one in 10 global applications come from Germany. The first supply chains for green hydrogen are currently being built up in our country. For our own production, we are using offshore wind in the North Sea. In parallel, we are concluding hydrogen partnerships worldwide. For as long as quantities are small and the costs of production correspondingly high, the state will bring prices down to a level lucrative for the industry. Our goal is nothing less than an electrolysis boom. And as quantities increase, a hydrogen powered industrial sector will emerge that reverse preserves the climate and is independent of volatile prices for fossil fuels. Because one thing is absolutely certain energy must remain affordable in Germany, in Europe and worldwide. In Germany, we decided to cap electricity and gas prices for private citizens and companies. These measures will run until 2024. Annually, we will use around 2.2% of our GDP for this a total of up to 200 billion euro that is both forceful and proportionate. It will give your companies the reliable energy prices and dependent planning certainty you need to invest in Germany's transformation. In the European Union, we have agreed on joint targets for gas filling and saving. We will purchase gas jointly more often and coordinate storage better. And we will use our market power to ensure that European prices do not decouple completely from the world market. Moreover, we are also aware of our global responsibility. Let me say this expresses ly expressly to our friends and partners in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean. The fact that we Europeans purchase LNG on the world market must not lead to scarcity elsewhere. We will need alternatives for the roughly 100,000,000,200 20 billion cubic meters of gas from Russia and pipelines missing from the world market. More renewables of course, but also temporarily additional guests resources. Otherwise, there is a danger that without affordable gas emerging economies in particular might switch back to coal. This would be even more harmful to the environment. Of course, we must avoid new lock ins new path dependencies at all costs by making new projects H O two Ready from the very outset and being on by expanding renewables in parallel. In the short term, this may lead to higher costs, how longer in the long term we all stand to save if the impact of climate change is less dramatic. In Germany to switching to a climate friendly economy will take efforts. We are talking about investments around 400 billion euro for the expansion of renewables between now and 2030. investments by the way, which which are already well underway. The most recent example is a contract worth billions for Siemens energy to connect a new offshore wind puck to the grid. And this is just one example, illustrating why this turning point towards the climate friendly industry is not the end of our industrial powerhouse, but a new start. After all, even before the energy crisis that Russia triggered Germany's business model was not only based on the energy intensive mass production of aluminium cement or crude steel, but on highly specialized research and technology intensive industrial products, products that are needed all around the world, or the most. So actually, when the world is now transitioning towards a Climate Neutral future. Even before Russia's war of aggression, Germany's energy prices were not the lowest, and yet Germany was and remains competitive. This is because of 1000s of small and medium sized enterprises all across the country, and the prices that are highly innovative and adaptable, which explains why they are so often global leaders. This is thanks to high public and private investment and research and development, which, for example, ensured that the first COVID 19 test, and the first safe and effective COVID 19 vaccine were developed in Germany. Just in December, a team at the Hammad center and Berlin set a new world record for the efficiency of solar cells. And now just a few weeks later, our companies are already setting up pilot lines for the use of these tandem cells. That ladies and gentlemen, isn't remains the German business model. Particularly now, as we chart our path to a Climate Neutral future. What else is there such broad consensus between businesses, employees and politics that the path to climate neutrality is not just ecologically necessary, but also offers new opportunities in global competition. When it comes to basic and professional training for employees, for example, politics, business and trade unions in Germany are working hand in hand. And before the year is out, our country will finally benefit from modern immigration legislation. After all, if we want to remain competitive as a leading industrial nation, we need experienced practitioners, qualified engineers, tradesmen, and mechanics. Those who want to roll up their sleeves are welcome in Germany. That is our message. For decades now, the forecasts have been predicting a shrinking German population. But it is up to us to decide whether this happens. So far, it certainly hasn't. Today, Germany has more inhabitants and employed persons than ever before. And this is precisely to trend we are going to continue. Ladies and gentlemen, a Climate Neutral future is needless to say not something any single country can achieve on its own. That is why our dialogue and our na forum like Davos are so crucial. What we are doing in Germany also serves the goal of making Europe the first Climate Neutral continent by 2050. At the European level, we are going to lower our net greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55% by 2030 Compared to 1990 this decision stance here we are relying on the market on competition and on innovation. The US emission trading system is a case in point even today we are using it to cut permissible emission levels in a way that is predictable for all at the same Time this system is serving as a catalyst for innovation. But to ensure the most ambitious or not disadvantaged, we prepare ground to carbon border adjustment mechanism in Europe. At the same time, however, Europe remains open for international trade. I am doing my utmost to ensure that the free trade agreements we have successfully negotiated with Canada, Korea, Japan, New Zealand and Chile will soon be followed by new ones with Mercosur, India, and Indonesia. And we are also open to discuss a tariff agreement for the industrial sector with the United States. Though these agreements we are creating a level playing field, and we are preventing high emission industries from heading off to countries with less ambitious climate targets. This is also the aim of the international climate club we launched during Germany's g7 presidency. A Secretariat has recently been set up at the OECD and the International Energy Agency. So the club is now open to new ambitious members. In the United States, this ambition has enabled the inflation Reduction Act. Some $370 billion dollars have been earmarked for energy and climate change mitigation over the next 10 years. I very much welcome this investment. To the German climate and transformation fund, we have made almost 100 80 billion euro available ourselves for the period of 2023 to 2026. But local content requirements for certain products must not result in discrimination against European businesses. Protectionism hinders competition and innovation and is detrimental to climate change mitigation. We as EU members are talking to our American friends about this. And at the same time, we are looking at what we ourselves can do to further improve investment conditions here in Europe. The chips act, for instance, has brought about a new start to chip manufacturing in Europe, investors are starting new production plants for billions of euros. They can build on an existing semiconductor industry. This could become a model for other key technologies, particularly in the digital and climate sectors. And the funding is there for the taking. To date, only 20% of the of the more than 700 billion euro in the European recovery fund has been paid out. Its full impact will thus emerge over the coming years. To remain competitive, we will have to make European legislation on state aid more agile and flexible. Just as European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen has proposed and reaffirmed here yesterday so that investors know in advance what support to expect and don't have to wait until years after their investment to find out. Ladies and gentlemen, the past year challenge as a seldom before, yet at the same time we changed and move things forward as seldom before Germany itself is changing. If I may make a prediction. My successor will address you at the World Economic Forum in 2045. So he or she will present Germany as one of the world's first Climate Neutral industrial nations. energy supplies in Germany and Europe will then be sourced almost exclusively from green electricity, heat and hydrogen. We will be moving emission free on our roads and railroads. Our buildings will be energy efficient. Our businesses will be producing on a climate neutral basis. And what is more, they are the ones who will have driven this transitions transition who will continue to drive it. So if you asked me today where you can invest in the future sustainably with a high return, my answer is don't look any further. Come to us to Germany and to Europe. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chancellor. We have some questions. Seth forms of law, we have a microphone. I just want to say I look forward to chair secession with your successful. I'm sure you will know, Chancellor, maybe until it's set up, you mentioned the petro cough powers. And maybe one of the first question would be, how is Germany positioning itself in this patchwork of powers? First, I think we would live in a multipolar world in 1020 30 years, we already do. But this will be something we will understand much more in the years to come. And I'm sure that there will be not a bipolar world, again, with camps around two big nations or so. But the big task of all of us is that we make it feasible that this will be not a world with a lot of different strong powers, but also a world where cooperation is the reality. And this is why we have to work to make it multilateral, which I think is something about politics. And hopefully, we started this year to make this happen. When I had the chance to preside g7, I invited democracies, Indonesia, India, South Africa, the head of the African Union, Senegal, they had to have the Speaker of the Latin American and Caribbean nations, Argentina, to the g7 meeting, and Mo in Germany. And this was it was intended to start on the dialogue on same level, on our understanding that they will be relevant and very important nations more to come to join them in the world and that we cooperate. And the place of Germany in this world is being supporting these processes, working very hard to make this good cooperation between nations from Asia, Africa, South America and west of Europe and North America and others working. But also understanding that this will only work if we do it. As part of the European Union, that strong and geopolitical sovereign European Union will be one of the important actors in this world. Thank you. Let's see. Let's collect maybe two or three questions. Someone reached the microphone. To introduce yourself, please. Can you hear me? Yes. Hi. My name is Massey Alina shot. I'm an Iranian woman. As you know, these days, Iranian women are getting killed in the street just because of peacefully protesting and asking for dignity, democracy and freedom. Revolutionary Guards are killing innocent people in the street. I myself, I was a target of Revolutionary Guards in the United States of America, the FBI charged for people who are trying to kidnap me, the Revolutionary Guards sent drones to Ukraine to Putin to kill innocent Ukrainians. Why Germany doesn't designate the Revolutionary Guards as a terrorist organization, because you just call the American friends. American government did that three years ago. So let's take a second oneself question. Thank you very much. My name is Ira had fun. I'm the Global Shapers community representing a man hub. Jordan, thank you so much. It's a very inspiring speech actually to hear about Germans role in energy transition and energy efficiency. In Jordan, we have like energy as a low hanging fruit. There's a greater potential. We have basically assigned the national determined contributions NDCs, we have produced National Energy Action Plans. question please. Yes. So we want to talk about the role of youth. What kind of skills do you think are needed for youth to have today so that they can be able to run and be leaders in the energy sector? Thank you. Chancellor. We take her search question we ran Sunday. Peters on why of Ukraine. Mr. Chancellor, thank you so much for your country's contribution to the effort of Ukrainians to defend their country. It seems that it's only a matter of time that Ukraine must get the heavy tanks including the labrets that are absolutely necessary for Ukraine to succeed As we defend his territory, we were expecting to today to hear you finally decide on this, it seems that Germany's Western allies, the US and other countries are ready to step up. And it's only German hesitancy that has prevented it. So my question to you is, Why hesitate? And why wait? Thank you. Mr. Chancellor, I want to thank you for the three questions. And I would like to answer to them. First, we very much support the people of of Iran, in their, in their activities and fight for democracy, especially the woman but all the others, and especially young people doing so. And to be very clear, I think it is very necessary for all of us to understand that the Iranian government is really shooting its own people. And this is the reality. And this is also why we are very strong in what we say, and what we are doing together with our friends in the European Union, where we are very coordinated to act, and with all our other allies, where we are working to deal this question. Also, aside of the European Union, for instance, the UK or the United States. And because of that, we are very strict and we decided on new sanctions that we as we did in the past, and the decisions are the ones we speak together with others and new sanctions have been established shortly. And we will continue to look at the situation to the next decisions necessary. And as in this way, it is necessary that we are always acting together looking at the situation and what we decided and decide we'll be together with especially the Europeans, on the question of have the skills needed for for this turn to renewables and the turn to become climate friendly? If I got it right in the different countries and especially us, for instance, I think the question is really important, because if we want to make it up to the midst of the century, it is not a long time. Since then, if we look at 2050, or in Germany to 2045, and we want to become climate neutral, we want to produce co2 neutral. This means the biggest industrial modernization and process we ever had since possibly, nearly the beginning of the industrialization 200 years ago, possibly we can compare to the uprise of industrialization, industrialization in some countries in Europe in the end of the 19th, the beginning of the 20th century. So this is a really big task for the whole world. And so we have to develop the technologies, we have to do the necessary innovations to make this happen. And we have to invest billions, billions, billions, that this is making sure that this progress is really happening. And this will be not just linked to one country or the other. Germany can serve in a way that we are willing to do it that we are ready to do it that our industry is doing, willing to do it and why it's we are acting in this way, we are able to develop technologies that can be used not just for us, but also as cheap alternatives to fossil resources, and foresight. mechanisms. We know today. And this case, I think it's important that we support countries, and the development of vocational training, for instance, to be good engineers in the field of these modern technologies, and also to help those who want to learn these tech qualifications at universities. And this is our understanding what one can do. And in our support to other countries. This will be an important aspect. Look into Ukraine, as I mentioned already in my speech, and I will repeat it again. Germany is between the biggest supporters, yes, the United States are doing the most. And this is not really surprising, because I think they invest $800 billion into their defense budget. This is much more as all the European member states together. And it's even more than Germany is having as its own budget, though, we are increasing it now to 2% of our GDP. And though we have a special funding of 100 billion to go to this path and invest in new technologies and weapons. But we decided very early to change a political strategies. We are not just supporting Ukraine with financial means with humanitarian aid, but also with a lot of weapons. And if we look at that, we are between In the ones that are doing the most the United States are the number one, obviously, because of this what I said, but the next are the United Kingdom and Germany. And we will continue to be this big supporter. As you know, we decided that we will supply not just weapons, but those who are very effective. And the artillery coming from Germany with our howitzer. And called onsolve. It's 2000. And the multi rocket launcher, we delivered a very effective in this war, helping Ukraine to defendants integrity and sovereignty. And you should, or you realize that it's only United States, UK and Germany, that delivered multi rocket launcher so far, and we will continue to do so we delivered a lot of weapons, which are very important to defend the to the air defense of the Ukraine, it's the flag tank Gephart and the munition necessary for that. And we continue to do that. It's smaller weapons, but it's also the very famous Iris T system from Germany, which is having a nearly 100% effectiveness and in getting down besides sent by Russia to destroy Russian, to destroy Ukrainian houses, streets, railroads, and energy, energy production sites. And we will continue to this, I think many people thought this is possibly the best to get, and we will increase the production with our industry to deliver more of that. And most recently, we decided together with the United States, and we're very much aligned with our French friends, that we will deliver similar weapons, which as I already mentioned, the Bradley from the United States, and the model from Germany. And this is the strategy we have, that we are strategically interlocked, together with our friends and partners, that we are working together with them that we are discussing with them, and that we are never doing something just by ourselves, but together with others, especially the United States, which are very important in this common task to defend the Ukrainian independence and serenity. As I said, in my speech, we will continue to do this as long as necessary. And whites we are doing this and showing that the Ukrainians can rely on our support for the courageous fight. Just also clear that we will avoid that this is becoming a war between Russia and NATO. I think this is something which is also the view of the Ukrainians, as far as I understand with all my talks, and we will continue to be active in this way to do this. My willingness, the willingness of Germany the willingness of being union and all the supporters of the Ukrainian nation is that they will be able to become an independent free democratic nations, which will go the way to European Union and will join it. And this is what we do. Sankyo, Mr. Chancellor says concludes our session. Please join me in expressing our appreciation for your speech and you. We look forward to seeing yours with success stories soon again, and you will meet someone in 2045 I hope to see you outside 2045 

you all for coming to today's session on French cooking now? You know, I don't need to tell any of you the concept of AI was something that we've been talking about for decades has, in the last couple of months just captured the imagination, I think especially with things like tat GPT, and Dolly, everyone's head is spinning. They're thinking, Oh, wow, I could do this, or this is what it would mean for my business or who I'm kind of worried about that. And there's so many different angles to what's coming. What do we need to do as a society? How does this change jobs? How does this change education? You know, what is going to happen? What should regulation be? And we're going to talk about some of these but one of the specific angles is, what does it mean for investment? And that doesn't just mean but we are going to talk about what kinds of companies should we be investing? What's the time horizon? What's coming sooner, or what's going to take longer? But also, what role do investors play? You know, there's been a lot of talk about, where are the guardrails? You know, how do we make sure the technology serves society? Some of that, obviously, we're in Europe, certainly regulation comes to mind. But investors can play a really big role in saying, this is the kind of thing I would put my money in. And this is the kind of thing I won't. I think there's a ton to talk about. Fortunately, I have an incredible panel of folks who are going to do most of the rest of that talking, and I'm going to try and talk as little as possible. And having just had a brief few moments to catch up with the panel. I think that will be no problem at all. So I'm joined by Jim Brier, the founder and CEO of Briar capital. Hunyadi Dogan, the chairwoman of hepsia burrata, which in Turkish means remind me everything is here, which seems very apt for the conversation, we're having. Tom Siebel, who started a little company A while back and has another one these days that I'm sure he'll tell us a little bit about. And Lauren Woodman the CEO of data kind, maybe to start things off, you know, everyone comes at this discussion, you know, the topics that I talked about, with a slightly different perspective, briefly talked about sort of how you're coming at this moment. Like, I think we're all in the same moment. But we're all coming to it from a slightly different place. So maybe if you're comfortable, Lauren, we'll start with you and move down this way. Sure. And thank you, my colleagues, this is I think you're right, we're going to have a lively discussion up here. And I think it is a moment in time where we need to have a lively discussion. So did a kind is a nonprofit organization. And we're really committed to using data science and AI in the service of good, right, and how do we how do we drive social impact from the insights that we can derive from data, and data science and AI and machine learning and all of the tools that are becoming available? The challenges is, how do you make sure that we don't leave behind organizations that have huge amounts of data that can actually advance and address some of the societal challenges that we're facing? How do we make sure that as AI is getting developed, we're not losing sight of the fact that there are very good commercial applications. But there's also very good applications in in the world of trying to achieve the sustainable development goals are trying to address poverty or any of these gaps. And it is a complex situation, nonprofits, by and large, don't create software tools, when it's really not our strength. But we do have it and so we have to rely on investors, and we have to rely on on the tech sector. And we have to rely on regulators, you know, to think through sort of what the implications of that are. So I'm glad that there is this moment where we're having this conversation, because there's there are lots and lots of issues to resolve and make sure that we do not lose sight of the good that we can do. Tom, you're obviously not. I mean, I'm sure you have a few dollars left over to invest, but you're primarily running an AI business these days. Talk about the role that the people who fund companies like yours play in sort of shaping that as well as kind of you've been, you know, early in this space. Why did you decide to plunk down the biggest investment you have, which is your time into what you're doing at C three is, as a right, a little context. This is my fourth decade in the information technology industry. I'm a computer scientist from the University of Illinois, did my graduate work in relational database theory got recruited by a small startup with about 20 people called Oracle Corporation. And that turned out to be a pretty good idea. I was ultimately one of the guys who ran that business. I'm frequently asked by the media, what my kind of biggest failures were professionally. It was just It just occurs to me what it was. My biggest failure professionally is when we tried to recruit Jim Brier and Oracle in 1986. When he just graduated from the Harvard Business School, and we failed to do so, okay, that being said, very sad that that is my biggest professional failure. So I was ultimately one of the guys who ran that business. In 1993, we spun out, we thought about the application of information technology and communication technology, to the business processes of daily sales, marketing and customer service. This is when I met Don Kay. And so we started a company called Siebel systems. And we invented the CRM market, as you know, today. So that's about $120 billion business this year, it turned out to be So yeah, CRM turned out to be a reasonably good idea. That was purchased repurchase by my friend Larry Ellison in 2006. Now, as we looked at the world, in 2006, we saw a big step function of technology coming online, in the form of Elastic Cloud computing, at that time at AWS might have been doing a half a million a year in cloud computing, big data, the Internet of Things, and we thought these collectively would enable this new field called Predictive Analytics. So we started this company called C three.ai. Where we're in the business of building enterprise AI applications for oil and gas, defense, intelligence, utilities, healthcare, telecommunications, manufacturing, what have you, rough numbers. When I went to work at the Information Technology Business, globally, it was about a $200 billion business today, I think it serves 7 trillion. When we started building enterprise application software, in the 80s, at places like Oracle and SAP, that turned out to be a pretty good idea. That's about a $600 billion market today enterprise software. And it is predicted that enter the enterprise segment of the AI market that this will be a also a $600 billion market in a few years. So this looks like a this is the fastest growing the market opportunity that I will have seen in my professional career. And hands on a you, in addition to just an amazing pink outfit, you also wear multiple hats, as both running a company in Turkey. And also now, thanks to the success of that investing, where does AI fit in both of those hats that you wear? Sure, thank you. I come from a very different background. Because first from a very different part of the world Turkey. And also I've started my life as an entrepreneur, I still define myself as an entrepreneur, I want to tell you a little bit about HIPAA security group to give you context of what I will say about AI. It's a leading ecommerce platform, we are the first and only NASDAQ listed company out of Turkey. And from day one, when we started the company, despite the atolls of technology disrupt, we said we will use our technology power not to destroy and disrupt and get rid of industries, but instead be a catalyst enable an enabler to the industries including retail, including banking to lead their digital banking transformation. So that is the culture the value with that culture and value. I am mostly concerned about Of course, we'll talk reliability, power, concentration, wealth, concentration of AI. But what we do just to give you an example, what we do in our company, because it comes from our culture. One solid example, five years ago, the woman merchants sharing our GMD was less than 1%. And I said this has to change. So what do we do we start the big program called Tech power to woman and we give incentives we train. But then it wasn't enough. So we said, Okay, we're gonna hack our algorithms. And we will positively discriminate woman merchants so that our BuyBox algorithms doesn't always stay biased. Because the data set is biased. It's always man mode since getting the buy box if we don't interfere. Ai amplifies that. Today. It's almost seven 8% of our GMV it's a big, big jump. So this is a I think you have you know, companies like ours who are not big tech, but who have data and who use technologies like machine learning and AI can make a difference as long as they make sure the model stays with their values. This is what I wanted to share is this stat that we can continue the conversation. Excellent. Jim, you know, one of the things I wanted to make sure is that we had, you know, a successful investor. And I don't know if you know this, but between the two of us, we have a net worth of about 2.9 billion. You've been investing for a while. How are you thinking about AI? Well, thanks for having me. And thanks for Oregon, the 2.9 billion to che, there was a time in 2015. I had been immersed for a couple decades in information technology, social networking, oriented investing. And I was on the board of the Harvard Corporation at that point in time and 11 person board, and we were about to launch a new medical school team search. And our president Drew Faust asked me to be point person from the Corporation on that search. interviewed about about 30 Phenomenal potential Dean's from Hopkins and Stanford and UCLA. You name it, MD Anderson. And I typically ask them, what role will artificial intelligence and computation play in the future of medicine and the future of medical schools. And George Daly, the current dean of Harvard Medical School, was the only one who could eloquently say, without AI and computation, there is absolutely no chance. 10 years from now, the best doctors that are not as good doctors, nurse practitioners, you name it, no one will be able to do the job that they want to do we as patients want to do. So I received a call from a friend Stan Druckenmiller, who had been at Memorial Sloan Kettering for prostate cancer. And he said it was a terrible experience. He safe, it worked. But he said it was just a terrible experience in terms of wait times and data going back and forth. And so I made my first major AI investment in the world of AI meets medicine, by spending nine months negotiating a license, steal a royalty deal, intellectual property rights, from MSK, into a new company. The medical personnel all came from MSK, a couple came from Yale. And my job is to go out there and recruit the very best X alphabet, Microsoft, Apple Mehta, the 30 year olds who don't want to just optimize search engine. And since that time, I've made 12 investments with similar models where it starts. And we'll hear more about it today, with exceptional data that's very unique, can't run good algorithms against data that's not unique. And it just so happens most of the unique healthcare data. It's not in the insurance companies. It's in our best hospitals, mostly research hospitals. It's in the medical schools. And so I've been on a mission for certain forms of cancer, such as prostate and breast, to do whatever I can to eradicate, with these tools in these companies, those types of cancers in the next decade, and we have some promising results. But that's one of the reasons I love what I do. So I'm going to start with you on this question, Jim. But then I want the rest of you to argue with him. So I don't have to what is the role of the investor in this? So we talked initially, you know, I frame, you know, individuals are going to have a right role to play human rights groups, nonprofits, governments, and regulators. What is the role of investors? Should we be counting on the investors to say, this is the kind of company we want? What role do you think you can play in investing in a world that has the AI systems, obviously, clearly, we all want the health challenges and the sustainability challenges. But it also seems a little odd to rely on, you know, investors like yourself, to make sure that it's fair to make sure that it's equitable, that there's not bias. But that doesn't mean there's not a role to play. Where do you see that role? Well, at the end of the day, the job of the venture capitalist is pretty simple. We try to have the ability to look around corners over the next many years and try to identify extraordinarily large markets and constantly be meeting many of the best individuals founders. co founders in the world, we have one in the second row, Jack Henry, the founder, CEO of sandbox, AQ and Jack and I worked for well over a year spinning out sandbox AQ, from Google. In other cases, where I've invested, Tom Siebel was the CEO, I shook his hand and said, I'm in. And then there are the cases like the spinouts, I mentioned, were never before as interdisciplinary communication and understanding been more important, because if you're a great chemist, you don't know necessarily the first thing about machine learning. And if you're that great machine learning person out of Google, you better appreciate the great chemist and biologist. And so really, the biggest challenges in the startups which are in and around AI, is one, from ground up, build what the ethical framework is, don't try to tack it on four or five years later, and have an interdisciplinary group of people who get energized every day about working together, learn when in your world, and one thing you want from the companies is the software that you need that you know, and not just your organization, but all organizations, you need these companies to do it. But but in this broader question of what what should we be relying on the investors for? Help us think, you know, again, what, what should we realistically expect? And where do we have to say, that's not really the role of the investor, and we need some other institution, whether it's regulators or someone else to step in? I don't think we get to wash our hands just because we aren't primarily responsible. And I want to give Jim an enormous amount of credit. Right? I mean, it as you were talking about this, you know, one of the things I was thinking about is nonprofits can't necessarily see around that corner. You know, that's not the roll that we do, we see around different corners, perhaps, you know, and so we rely on investors to see around that corner to think about that, at some level, they are the first line of defense, around making good decisions around how these companies get constructed from the very beginning, it is not okay, to come back later and say, we built this, you know, it's 75%. Right? So let's tweak around the margins that we just can't do that. And frankly, things move so quickly, these days, and there's already such a gap between the sectors that you will never have the social sector be able to catch up, if responsible investors aren't actually being an active part of that conversation. And so, you know, do I think it all sits on their shoulders? Absolutely not. We all have a role to play in this. It's like any other ecosystem, you know, I can't absolve people who do bad things and just leave it to the police to solve it like, No, we all have to be good actors in society. And investors are that first line of defense and saying, how do we actually construct companies construct technologies, that as they continue to evolve, will have at least started off in the right direction? What do you see your responsibility as I mean, I am a tech enthusiast, and I'm an optimist. And I do believe AI can decrease the marginal cost of services to zero and make the quality better. So we can have more of every services, everyone gets access to legal advice, everyone gets access to diagnostic health and more at a lower cost. Or, if we get it wrong, it can be the dystopia of our world, you know, so It's that serious what we are facing. With this context. We have to expect more from investors, we have to expect more from corporate leaders, more from civil society and more from consumer. It can't be, you know, investors simply shouldn't invest in companies that don't have the right internal control mechanisms to serve their values. A consumers should be more informed, more alert, more demanding of what's happening with their data. Corporate Leaders have to be more socially aware, this era of like obsession with profit maximization to be shareholder maximum value maximization to be the only reason that profit companies and regulators should be more involved more up to date. And we will see, like the measurements will be a combination of many, many things. You know, it can be publicly owned algorithms monitoring private algorithms. If it can be equity, ownership, social equity ownership of big tech companies, it can be a change in our social contract, the stigma we give to employment. And statues can change because many jobs will not happen. So it will be a combination of different things. And we should expect all from each part of the society, Tom, a lot of the companies, a lot of the big tech companies have set up these independent advisory groups for ethical AI, they've created frameworks for Responsible AI. So it seems like things are going pretty well, right? I think this topic of ethical AI is very troubling. Okay, and very important, and doesn't get nearly enough bandwidth. Let's go to the let's go to Jim's example. I believe the largest commercial application of AI will be precision medicine heart stop. Okay. And so we have the capability today to aggregate say, the genome sequences and the medical care records of the population of say the United States in a unified federated image, hematology, radiology, pharmacology, health history, genome sequences, the work so that we can now build machine learning models that are enormously efficacious, where we can we will we will combine these systems with these devices, okay. And much of these populations will be in the future we will be wearing devices or have embedded devices that will report on pulse blood chemistry, okay, gut chemistry, okay, brainwaves, what have you. So just so we'll be able to serve historically underserved constituencies we will be able to, it is within our grasp today, for a population the size of France, the UK, United States to engage that in early detection, but disease prediction we can predict with very high levels of precision, who's going to be diagnosed with what disease in the next five years? AI is genome specific medical protocols, AI assisted medicine, this is huge, right? This is all motherhood and apple pie. And so we will deliver, you know, lower cost more efficacious health care, okay, in into a, into a healthier community. Now, what could possibly go wrong? Well, let's, let's think about this. Okay. Now, the idea that, you know, that the whether we have a single care provider, and this is a this is a religious issue, I get it, okay. Or whether we have a kind of a quasi free market system like we do in the United States, where we have, you know, private enterprise, the idea that these, that these people who control these data are going to act beneficially. I mean, you could get over that. Okay, see Facebook for details. Okay. Now, we're going to say, so we will know, with, you know, which of us is going to be diagnosed with a terminal illness in the next three years? I mean, do you want to know that? I'm not sure I do. And how are, are these people going to use these data, if you don't think for a minute that they're going to use not going to use these data to ration healthcare, get over it, because they are okay, they will in the UK, they will in China, and they will in the United States, they're going to decide at this time too old for this procedure or dance to old procedure, it's not in the best interest of the country. So get to the back of the line. So it's, these issues are very, very troubling. Okay, as it relates to that will be the largest application of healthcare, there's a big right now they're putting out a roughly half a billion pound for caremount in the UK, okay to revolutionize that the NHS, which, where we have queues of 7 million people waiting for elective surgery. So, this is very troubling, these issues related to priority, anytime we have the intersection of AI and sociology, it goes real bad, real fast. Okay, where are we, you know, we want to talk about AI and criminal justice, okay, it doesn't we have this problem of, you know, cultural bias that are in these data, and they are in these data. Okay. And, or we want I know, we do a lot of work for in the, for the Department of events, and I was talking we do a lot of work for the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of army was in my office. And he says, uh, Tom, we want to build a HR system for the Department of the Army, or the US Department of the Army is roughly a million half people writ large by the time you get into the reserves and whatnot. And so this was a system that we're gonna use AI to decide who to promote who decide and I said, you know, Mr. Secretary, we can solve this problem. We're gonna, you know, bust our backs for about six months and we could bring this application into production, but we're not going to touch And my recommendation is you don't touch it either. Because the problem is due to the bias in the data, no matter what the question is, the answer is going to be white male went to West Point. And I said, you know, 2023, this is not going to fly, then you got to read about yourselves on the front page of The New York Times, then we got to get dragged before Congress to testify, and I'm not going with you. So it's, uh, you know, the, the ethical issues are very, very troubling. And now we're looking to regulators to bail us out. And then when we get to regulators, the only thing we have worse than the United States might be the EU. Okay, well, you know, where, you know, we're not we have the solution, you know, is worse than the problem. So this is really problematic, there needs to be a lot more talk about it. And, you know, I don't know how I got off on this Jaguar talking about and be afraid. Anytime we interact, we have the intersect. When we're dealing with physics, and we're dealing with machines, nobody cares. There's no there are no bias in those data. There's just temperature, rotational velocity, torque, what have you, okay, but we're dealing with sociology, it goes, goes to a bad place real fast, be afraid. So be afraid is a great, great place to get to. And I think it is really important, you know, I'm, I want to hold both pieces of the AI opportunity, because it is, it is going to help cure diseases, I'm hoping it will help in some of the problems where we don't have enough human time to solve them. Sustainability being the big one. And I want to hold that if we don't do this, right, we're going to make an even more unequal society. I do want to spend a moment or two on some of those opportunities. And one of the ways this intersects with investors is investors really help us we're, you know, when they do their jobs, well, like Jim, help us with the what is the right time horizon? So I'm curious, you know, what is in the right time horizon? I mean, it seems like, clearly generative AI is having a moment like, and I imagine we're gonna see, I'm already my inbox is filled with pitches of companies are not really doing generative AI telling me they're, you know, teaching computers, emotions, and all these other good things. My sense is artificial general intelligence, you know, probably not where a lot of VC investors are saying, Yep, in seven years, I expect to get a big exit, because big brother's gonna run everything. Where what is in the investor time horizon right now, where are the opportunities for anyone who came to Davos to make a little money? Well, I'll jump in quickly. But I'll start with, I think Tom's profound points around bias. One of my favorite investments of all time, was in 2008, a company called Etsy. And Etsy was a buyer and sellers marketplace, 90% of our employees were female, higher than 90%. Were all the buyers and the sellers of the different goods. And a year into it, it was going well, but several of the other board members said, We're never going to be able to get big enough, if we're just focused on women. And I said, I tend to disagree. And we're going to figure that out. And it turned out a month later, I was up at a Microsoft event. And I was seated next to Jeff Bezos, who had tried to buy et Cie. And my talk to him about this conversation. It's 90% of women, sellers are women, the buyers are women. And he said, we as Amazon cannot replicate that. That's a jewel don't ever stray from that model for Etsy, which brings me full forward. Silicon Valley has done a very, very poor job of promoting, helping leading very talented women and underrepresented minorities. I feel very proud. I recruited Sheryl Sandberg in 2008. to Facebook, my mother who's no longer with us was a genius mathematician. And one thing I'm trying to get right this time, with all the power I might have, is when we're starting companies, there has to be that balance set of viewpoints on day one or day two, otherwise, I won't write the check. Super important. Wow. were you seeing some of the investment opportunities around AI like where, you know, there's a ton of talk but you know, you're writing checks. Where are they going? Thank you. Yeah, we have more investors like you I'm sure we will make a difference. And my friends Philip, also, at KKR. He's done a lot promoting women in private equity investors. So thank you, and investment opportunities. I am still, you know, with what you said, we should be afraid we need to make more talks and what you talk. So I need to just focus on investment opportunities. This is what I want to tell you the current high on generative AI, I am slightly worried that it might distract us from talking, researching investing in context driven AI in causal inference in you know, in common sense in an AI. So, that is I am slightly worried. What I like I see huge opportunities is a if you know, business models that can efficiently scale human judgment insight with AI, that's where I see big opportunities. Not easy, but I think any, any business models that can solve that problem will create significant value. This one is actually for anyone, and I'm curious what you think my gut is, when I see all this really amazing technology, you know, tic tac GPT, for instance. But I think it's indicative of a larger trend of, you know, these AI systems that they're incredibly powerful, but we also we don't know how they work. We don't know how they think, is it reasonable to think we should be investing in AI that is transparent and explainable or as an investor? Is it just more expensive, and ultimately, someone's going to do the same thing? You know, we do have this confidently wrong problem right now, where, you know, if I put something into chat, GBT, it's going to be incredibly impressive. It's not going to say, I don't know, I defy you. I mean, there are a few examples where it's been told to answer I don't know, but in general, it's gonna give you an answer might be right might be wrong, it's going to be a trade answer. Is there an investment opportunity in AI that does explain itself does cite sources does show its work? If I was taught to do absolutely, you know, I would say most applications of AI to you know, fundamental business processes, stochastic optimization and supply chain supply, network risk, predictive maintenance, Smart Grid analytics, integration of renewables, the every one of these where we're using supervised and unsupervised learning models, they come with an entire evidence package. Okay, that explains exactly what were the factors that lead us to this decision that suggests you should replace this engine on this jet. Okay, in the next in the next 100 hours, or you should replace this transformer in Northern California, before it explodes. You know, burns 2 million acres kills 300 people, okay? And believe me, this happens in Southern California, like, every two days, okay. I mean, it's even, it's unbelievable. So but it was so when we're doing using supervised learning and unsupervised learning models, absolutely. We can come we have explainable evidence package who's everyone? It's when we get off into deep learning, okay in AGI where they become an unexplained unexplainable Now, are there ethical applications are unexplainable AI? Yes. Okay. Let's think about target identification. Is it a 737? Or is it a MiG? Okay. Okay, is it a melanoma? Or is it not? Now, if we can prove mathematically to four nines, okay, that this, okay, that this deep learning model is mathematically correct to four nines. I mean, hard stop is ethical. Okay. I mean, it goes. So this idea that all AI needs to be explainable, which is on the front page of every technology companies inside of their annual report, and none of them really believe it. Okay. There are applications for deep learning and unexplainable AI. They're totally efficacious and ethical. But then there's, there's a lot others that are kind of problem I would offer. There's one company specifically I back three years ago called elemental cognition. And the founding team was the founding six members of the IBM Watson. We all remember IBM Watson team and they have become frustrated at IBM and had become frustrated with exactly this issue of we can get answers but we have no idea how the black box comes up with the answers. So what they've been doing the last couple of years is continuously building technology, where a patient receives a prescription for these three drugs by the doctor, that AI can go in and say, here's why we chose these three drugs, and not x. The good news, it's improving and tracking wonderfully. The bad news, the computer in terms of the kinds of reasoning and answers it gives, is currently operating at a second grade level, we think we're gonna get to third or fourth grade, in the next couple of years. But for many projects, particularly around medicine, and these are being tested in three or four of the best New York hospitals, it's making a profound difference for the doctors, the nurses and the patients. But here's where I want to challenge the group. Because to Tom's point, is it better to have another two nines there of accuracy? Or is it better to be able to say, at a second grade level, here's why I made this pretty good decision with some things like this is really the debate, or is that a false dichotomy? Do we have to choose? It sounds like, in many cases, we do have to choose? I'm not sure. I need it to be bold. If you could prove with mathematical certainty that it's right to four nines, maybe I don't think there's an ethical issue that's better than a human being is going to do it. Okay. Is it a bigger? Is it a 737? Is it metastatic or not? And if you can do it to four nines, I mean, I don't think we're anywhere near any ethnic walls, I will comment on this idea that we have the companies feel like they need boards of emphasis. Okay, guys, I think that is a cop out. Okay. I mean, that's what your mother was for. Okay, if you don't know the difference between right and wrong, okay, there's something wrong. Okay. If you need a board of ethicists to tell you the difference between right and wrong, there's, I mean, that's, that's a little creepy, guys. So I just want to comment on that in the in the earlier point, which is, there may be scenarios where it's mathematically correct. And I'm okay with that, right, I would certainly like four nines as metastatic or not just better than your doctor, it's better than my doctor can do. But there's also needs to be some transparency around that. So that I have the opportunity to know how those decisions are made. I am okay with the system saying, Not really sure how we got to this decision. But mathematically, we feel very strongly about it. You know, we're four nines. And just just so you know, that's where we are. And frankly, as your doctor, it's better than what I'm going to be able to tell you. And I want to add Oh, well, I don't want to cut you off. Yeah, no. And then I don't know, I was gonna make a comment on your next point. And then I totally forgot about it. If it comes to you. I will jump in. Yes. I want to like, Are we okay, if it's four nines for you, and three nines for Lauren? And we don't know why. It's a great question. For an AI is better than a human being can do. A hard stop. But does it matter? If it's not explainable? We're not going to know. We might know it's not working as well, for women, you know, a melanoma, you're it's perfect. This doctor can explain, okay, why he or she believes this cancer has metastatic metastatic is let me tell you, that doctor can't explain it. No, but I am concerned, they're going to be able to tell it better on white skin and dark skin. And yes, if they can, you know, and that can be a problem with explainable or not. But if it's not explainable, we're not going to know why. And we're never going to improve it. And certainly what we've seen with facial recognition and other things is because that's where the data is there going to be better with certain groups. And this is not something that we're anywhere near fortnight's. Okay. In other words, we're not anywhere near right, something that everybody knows how to game, you know, so like MITRE Corporation, when they came up with that lapel pin, they will game, every facial recognition algorithm that is out there and identify you as the CEO of mitre. Okay, and so those that's easily gamed, well documented. Yeah, I would come at it. We need both the very deep, excellent analytics. For me, it's not acceptable as one person for whether it's Google or Bing, whatever we want to use, the results get spit out. And there's no explaining the reasoning behind when you're doing searches for where to pick up DoorDash. That's one thing when you're talking about a cancer patient, where the doctor already has limited time to care for that patient. And the nurses are overstrained and they're heroic, of course, having abilities for the technology To outline here is why this prescription is being recommended, or here's why chemotherapy at this point is, in our view, the right way to go. And we are starting to see the emergence of some absolutely blow away technologies we'll get, which we'll get right at the heart of reasoning. And then the final point, no, really, I think is really where they're gonna play, Jim, and I know you're an expert at this, but they're going to assist that doctor making a decision. So this will be AI, where we're informing a better informed visit. So are we all in agreement, and then Lauren gets the last word, because I've now cut her off twice. I have to just one word. One word on the biases. I mentioned, how important is to me to have female leaders, underrepresented minorities, and each one of these startups for the data that I'm licensing from Memorial Sloan Kettering, MD Anderson, UCSF. I, as the investor insist, we want data covering different ages, male, female, underrepresented minorities, so that we're starting with datasets that are heterogeneous. Lauren, you get the last word? Well, that's a big burst. Oh, no, no. You know, once again, thank you for insisting on that data. Because, you know, my level of trust of a system that I don't fully understand, increases dramatically with four nines, and then it increases more dramatically if I know that the data that the train to that system is representative and diverse. My comment was that I had forgotten earlier was your question about your comments about our external ethics boards, or, you know, supplementary ethics boards? And it gets back to the first question that we all sort of have tackled, it is not enough for companies to leave the wrong and right decisions to a mother or to an ethics board, right, we all have to be accountable in this system. And again, Jim, I'll give you enormous amount of credit for being accountable in those investment decisions, you're making intelligent decisions that you had a conversation with the Secretary of the Army, it's a lot less expensive to not do it, then then it goes to sit in front of Congress. And that's a smart decision to make because it wasn't the right decision. I don't know where all of this is going. I don't know what the answers will be. What I do know is shirking responsibility for making responsible decisions about the tools that we are developing, and the applications of those is something that all of us carry from the very first investor to the end user. And as this conversation continues, I hope we continue to have these debates with lots of different perspectives. Because just like the data, if we're only hearing from one or two groups, we're going to end up making the wrong decisions. Well, I can't sum it up any better than Lauren just did. Thank you all. Before we go. Kay, from Kay Firth Butterfield from the forum is going to give us all I'm sure some homework and how we keep this conversation going. And as we always like to do here, hopefully take it from a nice conversation and important conversation. I hope you agree this was a great one, and turn it into some action. So thank you all for attending. But before we go, Kate, join us. Thank you so much. And thank you also to the panelists for a fascinating one hour. So before we before you do go responsible AI has been figuring on the forums agenda since 2017. And it this panel reflects one of the pieces of work that we're doing with VCs and investors to think about where responsibility lies in that in that continuum. So we've kicked off really well today with all the comments. So if you're interested in our work, and interested in joining this particular work if you're an investor or VC, please join us. You can find me Keith Butterfield on top link. But there are lots of tools that we've already developed and lots of other work that we're doing. If you're interested in it. Please join us. Thank you. 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's for me particularly great pleasure to continue what we did already in the past to have a dialogue with Satya Nadella, who I don't have to introduce him, probably is a highly, it's the most regarded and respected leader in industry and chairman and CEO of Microsoft. So just when should you have a question or a comment? Please stand up and mention your name. But let me let me start with the discussion with us, Satya. And it seems when we look at the fourth industrial revolution set now in technological development, when you look at the S curve, we are really at the point where we have exponential development, we see just look at the announcements over the last weeks artificial intelligence quantum computing. And I could go on and on now. Satya, you are at the forefront of socio technological developments in many ways. And what do you see what major shifts will come out of this of those developments? And I mean, what will be the final result of also straight omics. Now, first of all class, it's fantastic to be back here and have this conversation. And I think you described it well, which is, where are we on the S curve? And, interestingly enough, I sort of think about it as there's one Eska, where we are at the tip, where it's now about deployment, diffusion mainstream. In fact, one of the things I think a lot about is in a time like this, where let's just say with all of the macroeconomic challenges, or take even inflation, I think it's showtime for us, even in the tech industry, to really say, okay, how can software, for example, be a deflationary force so that every business can do more with less. So there's one side of it, which is real deployment of technology so that we can use the most malleable resource we have, in order to tame some of the inflationary forces. A good example to just give you one is, you know, there's a, you know, take what Unilever is done with their lights out manufacturing with digital twins, it was great during the pandemic as a way to do manufacturing where remotely, but more importantly, in silico, they're able to simulate and reduce energy costs, water wastage, and other wastage. So therefore, that's a good example of doing more with less. So that's one side. The other side is something like artificial intelligence. If you look at it, it's at the beginning of a new S curve. And that's the fun fun part of being in the tech industry where there are certain technologies that are reaching maturity that need to get deployed and show real results. And then we now have essentially emergence of a completely new set of technology, which I think is going to be a revolutionary. Your say, it will be a revolution. I think we all feel it will be a revolution. But so it's a certain fear, particularly about artificial intelligence. People feel it, this humanizes us and so on. Now, what steps do we need actually, to make sure, so those technologies, particularly artificial intelligence, remains society oriented and human centered? Yeah, I mean, I think it's a great point. And I think a very important consideration, and quite frankly, a design consideration. In fact, one of the things we think a lot about is how to deploy this technology, to empower human beings to do more. So for example, like on New Year's Day, I saw this tweet by Andre Karpati, who is an ex founder of the autopilot group at Tesla, who said, you know, a, an AI developer. And so he sort of referenced perhaps the biggest product that made a difference in his life in the last 12 months was the get up copilot we had launched last year. So So here's a software developer using tools and saying, now get up copilot is generating 80% of his code. So that doesn't mean Andre is not writing new code and being at his creative best. It just so happens that now he has 80% leverage in doing what he's doing. He's still the pilot. He does have a co pilot. So that's why I even like the branding of what we did there because I think it helps put the pilot in charge charge and the copilot helping the pilot. But that's one example like give you an another anecdote which for me perhaps was the most revealing of what can happen. I was in India at the beginning of January. And I saw this demo clouds in India, one of the things that's very exceptional that's happening is digital public goods that are getting built for identity payment, many systems and one of the Digital Public goods that is getting built is for language translation, right? So basically, they have an open source project, so that anybody building any application in India can translate between any language in Indian, any Indian language. So a demo I saw was a rural Indian farmer trying to access some government program, right. So he just expressed a complex thought, in speech in one of the local languages that got translated and interpreted by a bot and a response came back saying go to a portal, and here's how you will access the program. He said, Look, I'm not going to go to the portal, I want you to do this for me, and it completed it. And the reason why it was able to complete it was because it, they had that developer building, it had taken GPT and trained it over all of the government of India documents, and then scaffolded it with the speech recognition software. So think about what that meant, right? That basically meant that a large model, a foundation model that was developed in the West Coast of the United States a few months before, had made its way to do a developer in India, who then sort of added value to it to make a difference in remote villages life. And I've never seen that type of diffusion to your point about the Industrial Revolution clouds. You know, I would say, you know, we're still waiting for the industrial revolution to reach some large parts of the world. 250 years after the internet maybe took 30 years. Maybe the cloud and mobile took 15 years. And now I think we're talking months, which to me, I think is perhaps the benefit doesn't mean to your core question. We shouldn't take something like aI safety as a core consideration, right, you know, at the design time. And so therefore, even when we launch these API's, which we did this week, one of the key things is the API's have safety built into it for harmful content, or the context in which they use. So a lot of work needs to go into it still. But we think of both the unintended consequences, and the benefits, both being something that we harnessed. So you feel so GPG, and similar technology will become very fast. penetrating our lives, business lives, but also personal lives. Yeah, I think about, you know, we all remember in 2007 2008, the bug, so that was the last time I would say we had major platforms being born, right, the mobile platform, and the Cloud Platform. And you know, in the last 15 years, they've gone mainstream, we're still I would say, you know, still in the throes of its penetration. But it's significantly understood that this technology is making a real difference. I think that the AI piece in this particular generation of AI, is showing that type of I'd say platform shift, and just to kind of give you an intuition cloud as to what exactly happened, like, why are we talking about AI in January of 23? After all, we were talking about it last year, but there seems to be even I had not expected if you'd asked me last month coming to where would I be talking about AI this much. But it turns out that, you know, even the chat GPT moment as I think captured people's imagination, but we started the work with open AI IoT can a half years ago, when we started building the AI supercomputer in Azure to train these large models. So in fact, the workload of this particular form of AI requires a complete rethink, even in the system architecture of the computing infrastructure. And we did that hard work and train these models. And when you look at GPT 3235, to what's coming. These are nonlinear developments. So they're showing emergent capability. And I'm not saying this is the last model architecture, innovation, there will be more to come. But the fact is that these things by themselves are becoming platforms that I think truly can make a difference. Let's see, I really see the audience I raise a question, Who of you has made already his own personal experience with GPT? Sets? It shows the sophistication of the audience. Now, there is another technology which we demonstrate here and we actually do it in cooperation in partnership with Microsoft and with Accenture. But we have 7080 km Companies in a consortium behind it are behind us. It's a global collaboration village, which is suffers. Poverty is a first Metaverse application for public good. What are your thoughts about it? Satya? First of all, I think the vision you've had clouds around here using this new technology of Metaverse and these immersive experiences, to bring the world together to both have that sense of community presence. And collaboration, I think is just absolutely needed, right? I mean, if I think about what is special about Davos, it's about the ability for multiple stakeholders to come, convene, learn debate come out of it with energy on what they can do to change the world. And so to some degree, to say that if there's some new technology that can, for example, really bring this global collaboration village to life, where not only can people collaborate, when they hear, but it can be an ongoing thing, I think it's fantastic. So I think if it goes, I would encourage everyone to go see the exhibits. Because I feel the thing that is most for me, Game Changing about this particular technology is that sense of presence one has right, which is when you're even virtually interacting, I think during the pandemic, all of us obviously did a lot of video meetings. And I think it has definitely got us through the pandemic. And I think they're going to be very much part of our lives. And I think of this as a very natural extension of it. Because beyond video meetings, if you can have more immersive experiences where that presents, the CO presence can be felt, you can understand the impact of any of these hot topics that we're talking about. I think that can be pretty game changing. So I think it's a brilliant idea. I'm glad to be partnered with you on it. And I would really encourage everyone to participate. Let me just see who has participated. It's a demonstration. So So haven't icing have still an opportunity to do so. But let me come back, Satya to an issue which we discussed also last time, it's cybersecurity. We discussed it every year. And it seems that it gets every year worse. And it's undermining actually this trust into the digital system. So what can we do we have any chance to enhance the bust into our digital infrastructure? Yeah. I think you said it well, because in substance as digital technology gets much more pervasive in our sort of economy and in our life. The unfortunate consequence of it is also cybercrime. And in cybersecurity issues are on the rise. In fact, I think it was a great panel today, from what I understand on some critical infrastructure. In fact, if you look at what Microsoft has done in the case of Ukraine, or Albania, these are all well recorded at this point in terms of the work we had to do to protect essentially critical infrastructure and even nation states that are under threat. But to your point, interesting enough, you phrased it right, which is, in order for us to have trust, and security, you have to have an approach, which is zero trust, which is kind of the paradox. In fact, the way the security community talks about the best way for you to have security is to assume breach, and then think about your defense, if you will. And so therefore we have at Microsoft developed an end to end infrastructure, whether it's from identity to the endpoint security, to application security, to the infrastructure security with the zero trust architecture, but not only that, we are we see trillions of signals, right, because at the end of the day, it's an intelligence game. And so we are taking the intelligence slash signals we have, and using it actively, right. The only reason why we were able to intervene in the Ukrainian situation was because we saw the signals long before even the attacks, and therefore we were able to then help evacuate, essentially the Ukrainian government into the cloud. And so those are the kinds of proactive action that we have to take, I think in order to protect so the operational security posture of every organization, every nation, every public, you know, critical infrastructure institution is going to be very, very important. But how do we explain that most of the companies are not yet on the level say should be and what can be done in order to increase to make it let's say a general rule like everybody today probably closes the door. Good evening, what can we do you have, one of the things in which we always advise is you use the cloud. So for example, the place, one of the ways to be secure is not to be fighting this alone. Because at some level, you want to be able to get leverage. If you go back to what I said, this is a signals game, you want to have the signal strength on your side, versus being isolated. So that's one of the reasons why I think it's going to be very important for us, especially around local government, public infrastructure, to be able to modernize the infrastructure and have it run in what is environments that are really well suited to fight. The cyber criminal activity may change to a certain extent the nature of our discussion, come back to an issue, which of course is very much in our minds this week here in Dubois, et Cie energy, sustainability and energy transformation. And you are one of the pioneering companies because you want to be by frente certainly not only carbon neutral, but carbon negative by 22. Yeah, which means to to take caps the citizens have passed, that's a direct. So now, what what would be your advice to us or campaigns? And what can Microsoft what can what kinds of technology like your technology do in order to help us companies to achieve to go faster in energy costs? Energy Security and energy? Yeah. So I mean, first, I'd say, you know, we're doing a lot first to make sure our house in order because given the commitments we have made, each year, we audit them, and we making sure that we are making progress on it. And quite frankly, in the last year, for example, I think on scope one and scope two, we did a good job reduced our emissions by 17%. Whereas scope three increased because of the increased usage of the cloud and our gaming consoles, and a lot of those, they increased by close to 20%. So we have our work cut out. In fact, I was very, very pleased, even this year, early on to see the work that we put into X box in order to reduce its energy footprint, when address so therefore, I think there's a lot of work, we're doing ourselves, quite frankly, like, after all, you know, all those AI supercomputers consume a lot of energy. And so one of the key things is that everything from the datacenter design to the power draw of the chassis in which these GPUs are racked, I think, the cooling systems, this is sort of innovation agenda, that's front and center for us. The second thing, though, to your point, clouds, which is one of the places where I think we can make a real difference. And we are working hard and we have launched something called the cloud for sustainability is around carbon accounting, right? So one of the it's somebody described it, to me, it's like we are trying to deploy an ERP system at the same time as the GAAP rules are being created. And so you need an approach even to how one does carbon accounting, that is more flexible, and keeps up with all the data that's coming in. And so we predict, we have a software system with many partners, we now want every small business, for example, I'm here like in Europe, I think every bank now is going to look at even the carbon footprint of companies before giving credit. And so in order to enable that and enable the fluency of that, I think we weren't, I can do a lot of work. And one other thing. I'd also mentioned going back to some of the AI pieces, and even sort of you mentioned quantum, I think the core at least my layman's understanding of even the energy transition challenges, we want to take 250 years of chemistry and compress it into 25 years. And if that is going to be possible, or one of the ways that is going to be possible is with computing power, and especially computational chemistry. And so we're doing a lot of work in whether it's AI techniques, or even quantum inspired algorithms even being run on classical to help with I would say computational chemistry and the discovery of new molecules that can perhaps accelerate this energy transition. I want to take you up on the word quantum come back to the for status evolution. For some people, quantum is still something in the future. For some it's already reality. Where do you stand in terms of you know, we ever had a research program and quantum In fact, in the last year, there have been some real breakthroughs because we've had an approach to quantum where we are trying to not just achieve quantum supremacy. But you know, to be able to build a general purpose quantum computer, you need to have sufficient number of stable qubits. And so the approach we've taken is that approach where can we build a general purpose quantum computer and I We've sort of published results on some of the breakthroughs in the last year. So I do think it's still, you know, ways away. It's not here today. But I think the interesting thing is the software stack that needs to be built for quantum is getting built actively. In fact, if anything, the entire, the fact that you can simulate quantum algorithms on classical is one place where we can in fact, already start benefiting. But let's face it, I mean, there is a, you know, lots of things that are happening that are rapidly moving, whether it's about on the encryption side, or how do you in the post quantum world, protect yourself. And so these are all fields that are actively both being researched, as well as being deployed. If you look at economic growth in the last 10 years or so, it has been very much driven by companies like yours. And so what's the kind of tech boom? And now, lately, we have seen the news about layoffs. And that's it mean, such the existing business model, on which the tech industry was based, is coming to an end, and has to be replaced by a new model? Yeah, I mean, I would say there are two things right. One is, I look at it in two ways. One is the overall economic growth in the world. Because at the end of the day, all of us are governed by what is happening in the world inflation adjusted in terms of economic growth. So because no one can sort of defy gravity, and the gravity here is inflation, adjusted economic growth. And I would say all up in the world, the inflation adjusted economic growth has been pretty weak. And one of the things that I'm optimistic is digital technology can help boost things like artificial intelligence can help boost it. That said, in the tech industry, we grow multiple times GDP. And so the question is, during the pandemic, there was rapid acceleration, I think we are going to go through a phase today where there is going to be some amount of normalization of the demand. Quite frankly, we in the tech industry will also have to get efficient, right, it's not about everyone else, doing more with less, we will have to do more with less. So we will have to show our own productivity gains with our own sort of technology. And then coming out of this cycle, though, clouds, I do believe that as a percentage of GDP to expand by definition will increase. And not because it should just increase, it will increase by because of its contribution to the all of GDP growth. So that's sort of how I view I think, what's happening in our industry, our business model challenges, but more importantly, what I think are the economic challenges in the world, right, Satya, I would go maybe even one step frozen would say, so the next phase must comprise much more application of Source technologies in areas where it is not yet applied. And I'm not thinking only of developing countries, I'm thinking of education, I'm thinking of agriculture, if you look, Chester or SOS two areas, they are very old fashioned. So this is a large, let's say, opportunity for Source technologies to penetrate much better. It's the overall economy, would you app. So it's a very important observation, because in some sense, what you're pointing out is also economic growth is not just economic growth, it's got to be equitable economic growth that is spread by geography, by sector, by segment is not about just large businesses, but it's about large and small businesses. It's about public sector institutions. And that I think, is the crux of it. Right? I think in this next phase of globalization, even I think when we talk about economic growth, we will have to think about it at the core, like what's the equity of that economic growth? And how is it being spread, justified to go even one step closer? If you if you go into this direction? I mean, talent question becomes key. Now you have attracted. So talents, the best talents, Silicon Valley in Seattle isn't so a lack of talents. Let's take agriculture to translate the potential into reality. So first of all, let's face it, I mean, there is there is a real issue around skills, rescaling and talent. I am very hopeful that some of these new technologies are going to be helpful in that process. What I mean by that is, you know, I gave you already that example of enriched Carpathia and him using GitHub copilot and as an elite AI developer getting a system Since from a co pilot, but the same thing is true for a first line worker using, say one of our tools like Power platform, to be able to use a natural language prompt to do some workflow automation. So think about this. This is someone who is in the frontline who has domain expertise but doesn't have IT skills, is able to now do it TAs, that's one way for us to, in some sense bridge the talent gap. So I think that you're pointing, in fact, even the rebalancing of even software engineering talent. In fact, if you think about it, then it was actually two years ago that the number of software engineers that are being hired outside of what is considered the tech industry is higher than in the tech industry. So that means going forward, we will have more of the digital skills spread much more evenly across the economy. And that's a good thing, right? Because we need that we need them in agriculture, we need them in banking, we need them in healthcare, we need them in education. We spoke about the global collaboration, religion. And I mentioned we have 80 companies behind and we have a permanent exchange of ideas. And one one, let's say, conviction came out set submit hours will be a tremendous way to provide us with new capabilities, particularly in education. Would you agree 100%? Because in some sense, if you look at there, too, in fact, if you sort of combine the two technologies that I think people are talking about take matters and take AI. If you put these two things together, what does that mean? Like it means that you can now help people learn with other people together, collaborate across space and time. And most importantly, something like a co pilot being there to help even diagnose the conceptual mistakes a student is making, right when they make it and then help them overcome that. I think so i think i think this notion of collaboration, and learning to gather is where I think we can make a real leap forward. I think one of the reasons why, let's say Susannah meeting is a success is not only working together to see serendipity effect. But if you do it in the virtual world, and let's say again, in the global collaboration, really, you can build in serendipity with artificial intelligence into the system. So you know exactly who is the best in order to help you to solve your own problem? That's right. That's right. In fact, one of the my favorite features even in one of the products we've recently built is whenever you want to research a topic, it doesn't just tell you the answer to the topic, but it tells you the people that you should connect with and that ability to know whom to talk to, to learn more, as something that is I think, as as important as learning more. And you can build it in. That's it. Now I really running out of time. But I would like to come back to one question, which we also touched upon last time, it is the future of work, and says a lot of discussion about remote work. And I think you and your company has been very, let's say engaged into discussions about this issue. What is your learning from those discussions? And what are your recommendations? I think that the key observation I make is we're still learning because there's been real structural change, I don't think we can just say we'll go back to 2019. Nor can we say we are going to live like is as if it is 2020, if you will, so therefore there is real, new patterns of work emerging that three trends that we are observing clouds, which I think are in to me, at least our guiding even our own set of decisions. So the first is there is what I'll characterize as this productivity paranoia. Right, which is every leader thinks that somehow they're not being productive, but there is everybody who's working in the organization feels burned out. So there is that debate as to who is true and what is the truth. And so therefore, I would say less more data, less dogma will be a good way to sort of end that debate. Now, in other words, at the end of the day, organizations have to be productive. There's no question the outcomes matter. And the question is, instead of being dogmatic about the way to achieve the outcome, we should sort of focus on the outcome and then rediscover perhaps new patterns of successful work. So that's one. The second thing I'd say is we're also learning that people come for other people, not because somebody said policies. So people don't come for policy but people will come for people and if you buy that then I think we all have to even learn many new soft skills, right? Convening, it's calling a meeting versus convening an event, two different things. You know, because you set like when you do convene an event, you set so much more context, you, you market it, you help people have a successful event. Whereas meeting, sometimes you go in unprepared, you don't worry about what the consequences of that are and what have you. So I think we all have to learn, be much more deliberate learn a lot of soft skills, so that people to people connections are really forming because that's, I think, very important for social capital. The last thing I'd even say is, it will be very important for us not to take for granted that the people who work in our organization, are all connected to the company's mission or the organization's mission. And so real recruiting training, in fact, one data point we observed, is unless and until people feel fulfilled in their jobs, in terms of new skills that they're acquired, they're not going to have loyalty to the organization. So us really investing in their progress inside of the job and the sense of accomplishment, I think, are going to be important, the tools and technologies are there. But I would say new management practice, and sensibility is perhaps what we will all have to develop. In this context. You're just used to build loyalty. How would you describe loyalty of an employee towards my cousin? No, look, I think, at the end of the day, I always say, the most important thing is for people to sort of think of who are working at Microsoft is the one is they should think of Microsoft as a platform to be able to connect with our mission to achieve what's core to them. I think that's the social equation. I think the loyalty is only exists if Microsoft as a platform is helping them achieve what they want to achieve. It's not a it's sort of not a something that we take for granted. It's something that we have to earn as an organization by giving people a platform. So you have to build an attractor. Absolutely. And also give them a reason why they think of Microsoft's purpose. Thank you so much. I may I may. Just close, I think we are already over time. But one short question. I met so many leaders and you may have seen in your agenda. I wrote a small article about how I define leadership. And I said leadership is a combination of social brain, heart, muscles and nerves. So standing for purpose, supreme standing for professionalism, so hard standing for passion, and see muscles for implementation capability, and goodness you need today. And I think we just have seen a leader who combines all those five dimensions. So thank you 

Berg, the Secretary General of NATO, President Duda of Poland, and the director of national intelligence of the United States, Avril Haines, please come up let me begin Avro hands with you, if I may, American intelligence these days is, is, has a justified reputation for being very good, having very accurately predicted what was going to happen in in Ukraine last February. So much so that I remember this well that people in Ukraine did not believe it. People in the West in Europe did not believe it. But you continue to press that that was in fact, what was going to happen? And it did. So, what's going to happen next? Where does where does it look to you like the war is headed? Well, first of all, thanks very much. And it's a great honor, frankly, to be on the stage with all of the participants, including you, Fareed, I think, I think we should be humble about honestly, our capacity initially, and identifying the threat. And you know, even for ourselves, it took us a while to really adjust and absorb the fact that this was a real possibility that Putin was considering. And as we went out, and we talk to our colleagues, obviously, in Ukraine, but also in the rest of Europe and around the world, we learned a lot from them, and ultimately, obviously came to the conclusion that this was real and continue to push on this issue in terms of what's next. I mean, I think it's very much the way we would say it is not a stalemate, but but really a grinding conflict at this stage where quite literally, we're talking about hundreds of meters being fought over in the context of the front lines. And you know, and I think very much, again, as President Solinsky noted, in our own analyst, notice that during the winter, we expected the tempo, essentially to be reduced to some extent and, and we're watching Nevertheless, I think, some just brutal fighting on the frontlines in this space. But I do think, in many ways, and you know, my Ukrainian colleagues, Deputy Prime Minister and others will have a better sense of this. But I think, from our perspective, both militaries obviously have challenges, it will be extremely important for Ukraine to receive essentially military assistance and economic assistance moving forward, in order for them to be able to continue to manage what they have been heroically doing. And on the Russian side, we see also significant challenges, ammunition supplies, morale, exhaustion, some dysfunction in the leadership and so on. Things that are I think, making it more difficult for the Russian military as well. But I think I'll leave it to that and let others but I thought we might get the view from Ukraine, because it does seem to me that what Putin is doing now is he seems to have decided he cannot defeat the Ukrainian army. But he is going to try to crush Ukraine to defeat Ukrainian civilians, as it were, by massive bombardment of, you know, civilian housing, power stations, water treatment plants. Can you describe for us exactly the nature of the devastation? And what can Ukraine do? Can it can it manage to keep life going? So yes, Ukraine, keep fighting and keep developing and what we recognized during this 329 days, that we got a unique knowledge. And I think that you feel it that we can our army train, to use military technology will quickly we know how to use military to attack on the battlefield. And we want to use this knowledge and we want to share this knowledge with the global world as a thing that is unique experience for Ukrainians as we can maintain energy return there's a constant measles attack. Our teacher provided lesson for children despite of the the shelling, you know, our trains come in time. 96% And I think that is unique knowledge. And I think that we Given this knowledge you can share with the global world, as mobile world will require the new skills, and Ukrainians you in this world. It's I agree that it's another perspective and another look at the wartime, but still we can offer to the world and your skills. And your Ukrainians that born in Ukraine right now. So that's why I think that it's something we can offer to the world, and something that can attract foreign investment today, even during the war time. So we're very grateful for the advice that provides us with financial aid last year and presidency, Lansky noticed, and it helped us to keep macro financial stability. But what we do next, we need to start this early recovery. And of course, we're not able like a developed country to provide some incentives for companies, but we're able to provide this New Energy, were able to provide these three skills that we get through this 329 days of the wartime. President Duda it seems it is striking to me how strong the West has been in other parts of the of the world as well, in supporting Ukraine. Do you think that their response is strong enough? And more importantly, what everybody worries about? Is it will it stay strong? Robert Gates and Condoleezza Rice wrote an article recently in which they said Putin's goal, his strategy is that he will outlast the West. The West may be strong now, but it will start splintering as an energy crisis happened as financial crises happen. Do you worry about that? First of all, I would like to thank you for your invitation, me to sit here with such a distinguished group of the participants of the panel and with with the deputy prime minister of Ukraine, and in this very room with the First Lady of Ukraine, the winners, Alonzo winner, thank you for coming. I know that here in this room, there is a lot of real friends of Ukraine. I see also the president of Latvia. Like you just love it. We thank you for counting Ukraine, Ukraine, I know very well, that, you know, I know very well, not only because we are talking about it all the time here. But I know very well, because five days ago, I six days ago, I talked in the beef with Volodymyr Zelensky. And I know very well that Ukraine needs a weapon weapon, as I said yesterday, and once again, weapons. Weapons are crucial now. Because Because this war is really very difficult. This is not the end of the war. Russia is not defeating. There, they are still Russians, they are still very strong. There is a lot of Russian soldiers in the front line. And we are afraid that they are preparing now they are preparing themselves to the new offensive in a few months, probably. So this is crucial to send now additional military support to Ukraine, especially modern tanks, especially modern missiles to defend Ukraine at all, but first of all to stop Russian offensive. And this is and this is crucial. Emmett Is it enough? This is the question. I'm afraid it's not that this this this assistance you've just sent to Ukraine is still not enough. Ukraine needs more our efforts it's more our eight and we should mobilize ourselves to help them because it's the situation is really difficult. And I'm afraid. Now it is. And it will be in a few, maybe months, maybe weeks, a crucial moment, next crucial moments of this war. And and this moment will answer for the question, Will Ukraine survive or not? I am a neighbor of Ukraine. I am a President of Poland. Poland is, as you know, member of NATO and member of European Union. We understand Ukrainians, we know that they really want to be members of the Western society, members of the Western political community, members of the Western security zone security area, so they want to be members of European Union, they want to be members of NATO. But first of all, they have to survive, they have to maintain their country, they have to maintain their sovereignty, they have to remain free. And this is an now this is crucial, we have to help them. They wants to have democracy, and we are members of democratic countries. So for us, this voice, Voice of Ukrainian society, they will, should be crucial. They will as to be part of the European, real European society, and part of the North Atlantic society. We should hear them. We should listen. Their voice. Thank you. Chrystia there are two deputy prime ministers on the podium. So I hope you don't mind kristef I call you Christian. How would you respond to this question? Do you worry about the staying power of the West? So the short answer is, of course, it would be stupid and naive not to. But I think we're going to do it. And I think, you know, of course, I worry. I am ultimately extremely confident. And I am extremely confident first and foremost, because of the magnificent, magnificent job Ukraine is doing. We saw President Solinsky just now. I think it's right for all of us to honor Ole Miss Alaska, who is here with us. And of course, Yulia and the people of Ukraine. And you know, President Duda said something very important, many important things. One was we need to listen to the Ukrainians. And you just said it too. We, we need to get out of a mindset, which I think a lot of us had when the Soviet Union first collapsed, of like, we were the smart guys. And they weren't such smart guys. I also apologize to the Latvians for this attitude. And we need to realize there's a lot we can learn from what Ukraine is doing right now. And that is ultimately the reason that I think we should have a lot of confidence. I think Ukraine is teaching all of us, again, the true strength of democracy, something then in good times, it's easy to not think about that much free. And I think what we see in Ukraine is people who are free, people who understand what they're fighting for. And I think very critically, people who have social solidarity. You know, it is so important that President Solinsky is there, that you have millionaires, multimillionaires, and their sons and daughters in Ukraine and on the front line. This is a fight of the whole country. So that's the first reason I'm confident. But the second reason I'm confident is you know, President do the quite rightly pointed out that this is a fight ultimately, about values and it is but I think we in the West also need to understand And that that victory that President Solinsky spoke about. And that time which he said, we need to use. It's not about doing Ukraine favors, that we're talking about supplying Ukraine with weapons. And as President Solinsky very crucially pointed out, supplying Ukraine with the money it needs to win the war is ultimately in our own self interest. So I'm a finance minister. And if you were to say to me, what is the one thing that g7 finance ministers g7 governments this year, could do that's actually in our power, right? We all control COVID. We don't control global supply chains. We don't control whether there will be immaculate disinflation or not. One thing where we have some real practical Levers is, we can help Ukraine when clearly, definitively. And if we do that, if that happens this year, you know it as well as I do fried, that would be a huge boost to the global economy. So I do think Ukraine is going to win, I think Ukraine is going to win because the Ukrainians have shown total commitment and determination. And they've shown they're smart. I think we're gonna win because our people like I think, which is so often the case in democracy, people are smarter than their leaders. Certainly speaking for Canada, Canadians got this on day one. They understand that we need to stand up for democracy and democratic values. But they also understand our economies, our security, the fact that nuclear deterrence actually works, all of these critical things are really being decided on the battlefields of Ukraine right now. So I am, of course worried we would be stupid not to be. But I am ultimately profoundly confident. Mr. Secretary General, you heard the President of Ukraine say he would like to be a member of NATO. Will you let him in you NATO's position remains unchanged, and that is that Ukraine will become a member of NATO, then, of course, the main focus now is to support Ukraine to ensure that Ukraine wins the war and prevails as a sovereign, independent democratic nation in Europe. And that's the reason why NATO Allies partners, are providing unprecedented military support to Ukraine and why I'm traveling around NATO capitals and calling on them to do even more and why I welcome the recent announcement or more armor, more advanced air defense systems, most recently by, by by Canada with 200 armored vehicles and, and also Poland, delivering more weapons. And of course, the US leading all these efforts in the, in this what we call them, the Contact Group or the support group for for Ukraine. And as Crystal just said, it is extremely important that President Putin doesn't win this war, partly because it will be a tragedy for Ukrainians. But it will be very dangerous for all of us. Because then the message to author Italian leaders, not only to Putin, but also other authoritarian leaders, is that when they use brutal force, when they violate international law, they achieve what they want. And that will be a very bad and dangerous lessons, it will make make the world more dangerous and also more vulnerable. And that's reason why if we want a negotiated peaceful solution to the war in Ukraine, we need to provide military support to Ukraine. That's the only way weapons they are the way to peace. And and and that may sound like a paradox about but the only way to have a negotiated agreement is to convince President Putin that he will not win on the battlefield. It has to sit down and, and negotiate. Nobody knows how this war will end. Most likely it will end around the negotiating table. What we do know is that what happened happens around that negotiating table is told to depend on the strength of the battlefield. And if we want Ukraine to prevail, then they need the military strength. Then let me add one more thing. And that is that we are all encouraged, inspired. We admire that the Ukrainian people the Ukrainian political leadership, the Ukrainian Armed Forces. At the same time, I think it's very dangerous to underestimate Russia. They have mobilized 200,000 more troops. President Within has demonstrated a will to just sacrifice 1000s and 1000s of young Ukrainian Russian soldiers. They are now acquiring and more and more weapons reaching out to other alternative regimes including Iran, and they're planning new offensives. So, so it is as person's Lensky said there is urgent need time matters. We will meet in Ramstein, NATO allies in the US led contact with for Ukraine with all the many partners and the main message there will be more support and more advanced support heavier weapons and more modern weapons. Because this is a fight for our values is a fight for democracy. And we just have to prove that democracy wins over tyranny and oppression. Admiral, you are President Biden senior most representative here at Davos, what would be your message in the context of what President Duda and the Deputy Prime Minister of Canada and the Secretary General of NATO said, what would your message be to Ukrainians about what America will do to help the Ukrainians about what what the United States can and will do to help Ukraine? I mean, so I'm the intelligence community, and I don't do policy. But obviously, President Biden and the United States have allocated hundreds of millions of dollars, weapons, and in fact, billions of dollars in support for Ukraine. And honestly, I mean, I think maybe one way to think about it is on top of everything else that's been said about the impact for the world in the event that Ukraine does not succeed are a series of other things, there is clarity about the fact that, honestly, the conflict in Ukraine has global implications beyond the rule of law, beyond even the values peace, all of which I would prioritize in many respects, but for economic implications, it has consequences for us in thinking about the strength of our alliances, it has consequences for us and thinking about how it is that we're going to manage crises in the future, where we have actors that violate the rule of law and the the charter and the order that we have set up. It also has consequences from a proliferation perspective, which is to say that the nuclear saber rattling that Russia has done is another message that's been sent to other countries. In this context, I think the I think there are many who are watching what happens in Ukraine, and it will affect how they address conflicts in the future. So I think there's just no question that it is in all of our interests to support Ukraine as much as possible. I think Deputy Prime Minister of Canada said it exactly right. Which is to say that it? Yes, we do want to support Ukraine, for Ukraine, because we watching what they're going through, and we want to be there for them. And the heroic actions that they've taken are extraordinary. But we're not doing it just for Ukraine. We're doing it also for our self interest. And there are a series of ways in which you can look at this, to recognize the implications for our foreign policy or national security collectively moving forward. You know, the Ukrainians are asking for more and more advanced weaponry longer arrangement. Do you think the administration is likely to move forward on some of those requests? Again, I'm sorry, I just can't speak for the policy community in this scenario is the intelligence officer. But I mean, I have seen obviously, the President and his national security cabinet in the policy space, continue to move forward on a variety of requests, and I think that will continue. President Duda, Utah talked about how you believe how urgent and important it is to act now. But I do want to ask you a little bit more about this question of the staying power. Partly because your country has done an extraordinary job that I think sometimes we we don't adequately recognize you're taking over 2 million Ukrainian refugees. And there are no refugee camps. These are all people who are being housed individually by individual Polish families in their homes. Do you think this can go on for years? I mean, whether you're a politician you understand you. I do get the sense that Polish people are getting tired of playing the role of hosts To all these refugees on Thank you, thank you very much for this important, very important words, because I want to, I want to stress that I'm really very proud of my compatriots. Polish people. They they they didn't need any encouragement to go to the borders to help Ukrainian refugees, we call them Ukrainian gas, because they are our neighbors and gas. They are in very difficult situation. But we fully understand that. If if there is anything we can do for defenders of Ukraine's for Ukrainian heroes, who defend Ukraine every day for those fathers, brothers and sons. We should protect their families, their wives, their children, their sisters carry on them. And we are trying to do our best as a neighbor's. And this is, and this is this is this is something we know very well yes, this is something we we treat as a natural thing as an as a normal behavior. This is the first second is assistance. Poland remains committed to continuing to provide Ukraine with military equipment. Ukraine needs to to defend its sovereignty to defend its independence, to defend its border. And to I hope to win this war and to defeat defeat Russians, because this is crucial element. So I'm very grateful. Mr. Secretary General, Dr. Jens for for this very important words, you said a minute ago. And because as I said before, we talked with president of Lithuania with gitanas. Now sada we talked. We had a meeting in the vif, six days ago. We call this forum Lubalin triangle. Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine. So there was a meeting of three presidents. And we talked about the coming NATO Summit in Vilnius. Yes. And, and, and, and we sat to Volodymyr Zelensky, although Bolivian, we can assure you that doors to NATO are still open for Ukraine, and we support your future membership in NATO or Demeter set. Okay, guys, thank you very much. I'm very really grateful. But listen, frankly, I don't want to hear the same story once again. Okay. I need guarantees, I can understand that you that you can't agree on our full membership in NATO now, because we have war. And taking into account article five of the of the transcript of the North Atlantic Treaty. It's impossible. And I understand, he said, but I need guarantees. I need guarantees for my country. I need guarantees of security. And please talk with your NATO allies, because we needed we needed immediately. And if you and Eve You decide to give us these guarantees during the upcoming NATO Summit? It will be real success, success of NATO, and success of Ukraine. And this is crucial. So, Mr. Secretary General, I will be very grateful. Yulia, can I ask you to give us a sense of the I mean, you must have given some thought to what will it cost to rebuild Ukraine to you looking at the devastation? You know, we look at the photographs and the video. And it's like something out of World War Two, because I really don't think we have seen the targeted destruction of cities in quite this way. People sometimes refer to the Russian bombing as indiscriminate bombing, I don't think it's indiscriminate. It is discriminant is targeted precisely at civilians at civilian infrastructure. It is designed to destroy civil lean life. What when you think about this problem, because you are likely to inherited, how to help us understand the scale of what you're thinking about. So I want to tell that a grain of fight on two fronts. One is a military one, another one is economic front. And if we speak about numbers and figures, so if you look at the World Bank estimation, on September, the number was 300 350 billion US dollars. But now we estimate that it might be up to 1131, as you know, every day our energy grid under the massive missile strike, so every, every day, we get another damages, that that's why it's so important. To find a way to supply us weapon to give us guarantees to help us and with contribution, that is contribution to the victory for the victory, to find a way how to obtain the victory get the victory in the nearest year, this year, let's say like this, is I think no one no one doubt that Ukraine will will win this war. I think no one knows. The question is that the question that was raised by the President, we shortage of time, that's why we need right now. To collaborate with each other and to find a way how to supply us warm weapons anti missile system, have a weapon, the tanks just to speed up our victory, because every day brings more damages. And it means that exactly on the second day of the victory, we will come to our allies and ask for finance, there'll be the non recurring edit book cost more than it might cost right now. That's why it has a huge impact on economic globally. And that's why it's so important from an economic point of view, to find a way sanction policy, weapon supply and policy and the help of our allies in financial support right now, just to to put like a goal and like a name to get the victory during this year. Christo, your money person? This is a this is a challenge for the West at a time when deficits and debt loads are high. Will it be possible to provide Ukraine with the kind of assistance on the scale it needs to rebuild? Well, before we get to rebuilding, we have to support Ukraine in its fight, and we have to support Ukraine to victory. And I do want to emphasize something that you just said about the economic battlefield. And I think she's exactly right. The weapons, absolutely essential. But one of the remarkable things happening in Ukraine right now is it is a functional state, as you just said, trains running on time 96% of the time, when President Solinsky went to Hudson liberated Hassan, one of the first things he said is now you will get your pensions, and we're going to pay you all the pensions you didn't get when you were under occupation. I think we cannot underestimate how important Ukraine's continued existence as a functional state is to the winning of the war. So we need to get the money now. And it's remarkable, you know, Bravo that you guys have been doing it and we need to continue to support With that efforts, we heard, I think, from Yulia thanking the international financial institutions, but we need to keep going. Ukraine needs an IMF program, we should make meaningful progress there in the first quarter. And the countries here need to continue to provide support, you spoke fried. And you're absolutely right about being sure that there's public buy in. So I'll tell you one thing that we did in November, which is Canada issued Ukraine, sovereignty bonds, these are guaranteed by Canada's triple A credit rating, they're a government of Canada bond. But all of the money was earmarked to go directly to Ukraine, we issued $500 million worth of sovereignty bonds, and they were sold out in less than two weeks, the central bank of Poland bought some of those bonds. So thank you very much by the President. And, you know, I think we, as democratic Western leaders, need to also be, you know, President Solinsky, is doing a great job of making sure that our people understand the importance of this fight, I think we also need to be doing that job. And we need to be sure that we are talking, you know, in my case with Canadians, about why this matters. And I actually find they tell me why it matters. But I need to give them opportunities to be part of this fight. And I just want to quickly pick up on one thing that Admiral said, that could kind of get missed, I think in the flow of all the things we've been talking about, which is the nuclear deterrence point. And I think this is one element, you know, when we talk about the benefits that we get from a Ukrainian victory, one of them that I think we have to really be mindful of is what a Ukrainian victory would mean, and what a Ukrainian defeat would mean, for nuclear weapons and nuclear proliferation in the world. Because I think if Ukraine were to be defeated, then what that tells you is, no matter how much you want your sovereignty, no matter how United you are, as a country, no matter how prepared you are to fight, if you are fighting a bigger country that has nuclear weapons, you're going to lose. And think about the message that sends to smaller countries around the world, I think, an extremely dangerous one. And so from my perspective, that is yet another reason that in supporting Ukraine, we are supporting our own economic well being, and also our own security. ever let me pick up on that. But on something more, more specific. I think we all know that the the elephant in the room with regard to the consequences of a Russian victory, or the fear that it would signal to China, that it was permissible, acceptable, or it would come at low cost for them to invade Taiwan. Take us through your your intelligence judgment of what the effect of a Russian victory would be on China. Yeah, I think I mean, first of all, let me apply what was just said, about the nuclear saber rattling in relation to China. So we've indicated in our annual threat assessment that among the things that we're seeing, is China engaging in a pretty extraordinary expansion of their nuclear program? And and I think one of the things that we look at is, essentially, what is the lesson that they're learning from the consequence of the conflict that we've seen, and in this space, and, you know, our assessment would be that basically, it is caused them likely to just confirm their own view that this is critical as a deterrent, and that they can use that program effectively, in order to do the kind of nuclear saber rattling that we've seen Russia do in this context. So that's kind of one piece of the puzzle. Another to your point is that I think, first of all, we haven't seen, ultimately the final chapter in effect on this. And so we can't really give you sure all of the lessons that China has learned as a consequence of the conflict, but I think there are a couple of things that are worth highlighting. One is that I think it is likely that we exceeded their expectations in terms of our capacity to join together, you know, as an alliance of states across the world to actually count Her Russia in this space. So that would be one and particularly on the sanctions piece. And I think one of the challenges is that sanctions in the context of Russia versus China have some interesting differences, right. So if you were to enact a significant amount of sanctions visa vie China, you're likely to have greater impact on China, because of its integration with the world economy. At the same time, it will also create more sacrifice, essentially, in those who are enacting those sanctions. So that's one piece of it. Another, I think, is the Export Control piece, we've really, you know, export controls are used in a pretty remarkable way, during this conflict, and they've been quite effective so far as we can tell, in and targeted in their impact. And they've been done as a coalition, which I think is another aspect of it, that's important for countries that concern themselves with disadvantaging their own businesses in the context of export controls. And so that's another thing that China is likely watching. And, you know, we see both China and Russia doing a lot of thinking as they have in the past about how do you effectively create a system that provides you with greater resilience so that you can counter the actions of those sanctions. But we'd say, one of the things that is remarkable is the way I think in which the coalition of states that have enacted sanctions have been capable of kind of watching how the evasion has been operating on Russia side and adjusting as a consequence, and therefore maintaining some of the pressure that exists in this space. You know, another issue that they're almost certainly watching is the kind of information war that Russia is waging, and trying to think through how it is that that goes, and I think we've also seen, you know, China, ultimately, you know, in our view, engage in a number of activities that are supportive of Russia, and yet not coming out explicitly in support and feeling a little bit uncomfortable about where that puts them in these spaces. So I mean, there's a number of things that we could continue to go down the road of, and certainly there's military kind of lessons that they're undoubtedly learning. You know, and among the things that would seem most likely is that you really want to overmatch essentially, in this context and have a quick conflict as opposed to allowing effectively the world to come together to provide assistance and to help these spaces. But I think it's a it is still a story to be told as we kind of watch this move forward. Secretary General, can you give us an update on where things stand with Sweden and Finland's accession to the to NATO? It does appear from the outside that the Turks are simply blackmailing NATO, or Sweden in particular, it feels like a bargain where they you know, they just keep, they keep asking for more until they get because they know at the end of the day, they have leverage right now. It feels inappropriate for NATO to have to behave like this. It looks more like a bizarre. Well, I'm confident that Turkey will finalize the accession process for Finland and Sweden. I cannot tell you when. But I'm confident for several reasons. First of all, Turkey was one of the NATO allies that at our summit in Madrid in July last year, actually decided to invite Finland, Sweden to become members of the alliance. And all NATO allies also Turkey a few days after signed the accession protocols, and so far 28 Auto NATO's 30 allies have already ratified. This is the quickest, quickest, fastest, fastest succession process in NATO's modern history. Normally, accession to NATO takes years. It's less than a year since Finland and Sweden apply. They apply in May, they were invited in July, and although the 28 to 30 have ratified. Second, we need to understand where we started. weeks or a couple of months before the invasion of Ukraine. President Putin proposed a security treaty with NATO, where he actually outlined some key demands, one was that NATO should guarantee no more NATO members are no further enlargement of NATO. The other main demand was to remove all NATO forces infrastructure in all allies that have joined after 1997 meaning the whole eastern part of the Alliance. Of course, we did reject that those demands. But it demonstrates that the purpose the aim of President Putin is to get less NATO. He is getting exactly the opposite. Hours after the invasion we significant continue to increase the number of NATO troops in these two important lines, including in Poland, to send a very clear message to Moscow, that there is no room for misunderstanding about NATO's readiness, ability commitment to protect and defend all NATO allies. And that is to prevent escalation, because it's extremely bad what's going on in in Ukraine now. But of course, if this escalate to full fledged war between Russia and NATO, it becomes even worse. So the increased military presence in eastern part alliance is not to provoke a conflict. But to prevent the concert preserve, please send a clear message of the turns to Moscow. That is more NATO is getting more NATO on Putin's border. The other thing is that finance when applied, because of the threats, he collide, they actually realized the door was going to. So they were afraid to do door to network closing. So they asked to get in and they will become members. And the last thing I'll say on this is that things are very different place now than before they applied. Because since they applied, several allies, including United States have issued bilateral security assurances, and NATO's increases his presence in in that part of Europe, Finland, Sweden are now as invitees participating in NATO's political meetings, consultations, and are more and more integrated into our military structures. So it's absolutely inconceivable that will be a military threat against Finland or Sweden, without NATO reacting. So President President Putin wanted less NATO is getting more NATO. And that's important message, let me make sure we get we get this clear, because this is very important, because there is a window of an awkward period or dangerous period, if Russia would attack Finland or NATO or Sweden tomorrow, even though they are not NATO members, NATO would come to the assistance of those two countries as what I'm saying it's inconceivable that we will not react I mean, they are now not only close partners, there invitees, they're integrated into our military structures. And we have a bilateral security assurances from several allies. So if we need to react, Moscow knows that, and also know that they are now devoted most of the troops to Ukraine. So actually, the the likelihood for an a, as a military attack is, is very little, partly because they are so close to NATO, and partly because they are now spending so much of the Russia is spending so much of their forces in the Ukraine. The last thing I'll say on On Turkey is that Turkey has some legitimate security concerns. No alternator Allah has suffered more toaster tanks than turkey. PKK is regarded as a terrorist organization by NATO allies by Finland and Sweden long before they applied. And therefore part of the agreement in Madrid was also to sign the joint memorandum between Turkey, Finland and Sweden to step up cooperation, for instance, lift all restrictions on arms exports, finance will have done that already. And to work more closely in fighting terrorism. And that's actually something which is important for Turkey, but also when it does. We have run out of time, but I want to ask one of the we have a special guest in the audience, the founder of the World Economic Forum, Klaus Schwab. I want Klaus is there anything you would like to ask or add at this moment? And then we have seen that support Klaus Schwab, thank you so much, to this extraordinary panel. My thanks. And of course to President Zelensky. Please tell them that we really appreciate it. 

Welcome everybody, once again to the panel keeping the pace on climate change action. If you're following on social media, please tweet talk about this. We want to make sure the conversations heard hashtag with 23. Let's begin. gasping for breath. That's how the UN Secretary General described the Paris climate targets to me this week, gasping for breath. We've had seven years since the deal was agreed to limit global warming in Paris. And we are four years on from when we were all warned here in Davos that our house is on fire. prescient to because since 2022, was the hottest year on record. We saw heat waves in Europe, don't worry. droughts, Latin America, exactly another flood, and wildfires in North Africa. Many villages in Pakistan remains submerged from flooding. And the search continues. For a five year old child in California torn from his mother's arms in a region creek that followed record storms there to your I watched my colleague, Larry Maduro, who was here in Davos actually report from Nigeria and he was waist deep in water. There's too many episodes to recount. But suffice to say an estimated 3.3 billion people live in areas of high vulnerability to climate change. Yet, it took a war in Ukraine raging inflation, and then a dramatic energy security crisis and fears to kickstart a global response that suddenly seemed to galvanize decent growth in renewable energy investment. But the truth is, and I think we all know it, we need to dramatically raise the pace and the scale of that money, we need to focus investment in emerging and developing nations that will dominate energy demand in the future. And in Secretary Kerry speak, he doesn't mind me using his words, we need money, money, money. And that's not to say that big nations like the United States, China, Japan, which is like the EU haven't stepped up with tangible support. But the IAEA chief reminded me again this week, we need to quadruple current investment in renewables to $4 trillion a year. By 2030. It feels like a lot. But what if I told you, there's $120 trillion sitting in pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, insurance funds globally, our own money in many respects, searching for returns, if the risks can be minimized, or shared, if the opportunities can be clarified, surely with a fraction more of that. It does mean profound change from business from governments from us as consumers to and requires diverse forms of scientific, indigenous and local knowledge. And we have it by the way, we just need to listen harder. Then there's the question of sincerity. There are businesses out there that are simply not walking the walk, even as they enthusiastically talk the talk, how do we wash away the green washing that too many firms still hide behind? And when it comes to energy, how do we decarbonize sectors like the oil and gas sector faster? Finally, we as consumers, we have to use less energy and rich nations have proved that when prices are high, we do that. We have to continue to do that even as prices continue to come down. The challenges are daunting, but there are vast opportunities and you're going to hear about this too. That innovation, entrepreneurialism, collaboration and yes, even profits, we are in doubles, of course, get it right. And we could address energy security and sustainable development for many generations to come. Enough for me, far smarter minds here. have all the answers I promise. Let me introduce our panel. Halina Gulu Inga, co founder of the indigenous youth collective of Amazon defenders. Secretary John Perry, Special Presidential Envoy for Climate in the United States, Jennifer Morgan, Special Envoy for international climate action in Germany and abroad. President and Chief Executive Officer of Vattenfall and yes, verboten Chief Executive Officer incut group. Welcome to our panel. I want to start by just getting a show of hands. And hopefully, we'll see what happens but we'll come back to this question at the end of the panel. Who thinks we will hit the Paris targets to limit global warming to one and a half degrees C by 2030. And just to be clear, that means peak emissions and then virtually having them by 2030. Hands up if we will hit those targets Okay, depends. I submit that six and a half people Okay, remember that number? Comments on that Secretary? Okay. Six and a half people in the room you under done the concern, I think, share it. Well, I think the question strips away the possibilities. We can hit 1.5. We're not on track to do it now. And it's not clear, absolutely clear that we will get on track. I don't know if Jennifer, when she raised her hand is talking about Germany alone. For the globe, I have more confidence in Germany, probably being able to do it, yes. But globally, we're heading towards 2.5, somewhere in the high twos right now. And we really must turn that around. But to turn it around, as he said, think about it. You have $1 trillion, approximately being spent right now in venture capital and new investment, etc. But we have to get it up to four and a half every year, for the next 30 years, we have to right now be deploying the largest solar field in the world every day, for the next years, in order to hit the 1.5 we have to be deploying renewable six times faster than we are today. I know that in our country, we've got to pass a permitting bill before we can do that, because you can't make a sighting. And it can't take 10 years to distribute this stuff. So yes, we can do this. But there is not yet the kind of commitment broadly, that is necessary to make it happen. And almost a collective will as if we were at war, and ready to turn factories into solar panel producers and so forth. I think some of that's what's we need. And but I am hugely encouraged, I mean, much more so than I've been at anytime in the last years, by what is happening right now, which opens up an even greater possibility of achieving this, because so much energy is going into human energy is going into the new technologies. And these things, the innovations that are occurring, they're going to multiply and magnify on themselves. And so I really think, you know, we're the fact that the IEA came out and said, If we fulfill all the promises that were made in Glasgow, we would be at 1.8 degrees by 2050. And if we fulfill all the promises added on in Sharm el Sheikh, we would be at 1.7. So it's heading in the right direction. When we began this exercise, it was going from three to 3.5 3.7. So we have turned this quarter, we have moved in the right direction. And now the question is, will we do the things we need to do to abate emissions? This is not complicated. Our enemy, our emissions, and we have to go after the emissions, and therefore cannot afford to build out a whole new infrastructure of one fossil fuel or another. That is going to be with us for 20 3040 years, unless they are able to capture those omissions. We don't have that indication yet, or even that full capacity. Yeah, I know a lot of ifs in there as well. As we look ahead to some of the plans. Yes, but your hand was was down despite your efforts. Talk to me about about your view, because I think my humble. Ah, yes, it was hidden. Oh, my goodness, seven and a half. I felt so lonely. Sorry about that. They were isolated. Okay, you're gonna have to wait then, because I want I want someone. In fact, no, gone. Okay. Why? Well, I thought to myself, What am I raising my hand to that question? I think it's a lovely question to ask, but I thought about getting married when the question was, will you love each other for the rest of your life? The answer, of course, has to be yes, at that moment. But um, the, the topic is because I'm here. On stage five, I started to feel wrong from a leadership perspective. But if you if you ask me what what the question is? It is a how question was a lie. Now that you say that, for me, it's really and I'm fully with you as a commissioner Carrie. We, the optimist means that we have started to close the gap. There is optimism in so many movements that I see. And I wish I could share with all of us because I truly see the solution coming. Are we there? No, we're not there. But I think the question is, rather, how do we get to it? Because 1.5 is not the target. Many people think is a target. It's a planetary limit. So therefore, I think the question in itself almost invites to doubt it. Right now. We need to commit to it and we need to commit to the gaps and closing them. It's a matter of existential is for humankind. So therefore, I raised my hand. Sorry, yeah, no, do you don't have to apologize. You have to tell the truth. They're gonna come in here because you believe this can be done in one generation. If that's what you're committed to, and you've said, Look, we can do this. But we have to jumpstart investment. And I think the crux of all of this, and it goes back to the point about money, money money. Talk to me about your thoughts here. No, but I think that with the effects of global warming and the need to reduce co2, but also with all the fossil free technology development that is now happening, I think that as a leader of a business, you clearly see how the market prerequisites have changed massively. And I think that's a driving force that we have not sort of untapped the potential of yet. And that is also why I clearly state that our sort of business strategy to enable a fossil free living within one generation is exactly that. It's our business strategy. Because if we are going to be if we are going to be competitive, and be able to capture these basic business opportunities, we have to move there. And in. In addition, it's actually much more risky or costly to not move than to move in this direction. And I think that if you really look at this from a business prerequisite perspective, you clearly see that and that movement has not fully developed yet. I love that idea. The costs actually are far greater than what we're arguing with a napkin willing to spend or do today. Jennifer, you are half. So I feel like you're sort of in yesterday's camp where you're like, must say, Yes, not sure. Talk to me about your position? Well, I think, you know, you, you noted all of the horrific impacts that happen happening, that's not going to go away. Right. And so the pressure on companies, on governments, also from youth, we have a very active youth movement in Germany and around the world, who are incredibly important. That's not going away. So the technology is there. The the, the recognition of the science is there, the costs are slowly getting incorporated in. And I just think, you know, even if you want to wish that it's, you know, those that don't want to go in that direction, I don't think there's going to be much choice, because I think the instability that will continue to be created by these impacts, real instability for people, deaths for people, and, and ecosystems are going to keep that pressure up. And I think, and that's needed to have that pressure up. Is it immensely challenging? Will we get there? I don't know. Am I petrified that we won't? Absolutely, because of what it means. And therefore we're doing everything that we can to keep it in sight. But I just think this question always is about the cost of action and all of these other things, and it's not taking into account the national security implications, the instability that are there the impacts the lives that are just going to make it harder to not take the decisions that need to be made. Had I left you to last on purpose, primarily because you created a flood behind us on purpose. And perhaps I think you have to give us the perspective, the reality, the fear, I think, and the life cost, the human cost of what we're fighting here. How concerned are you? And how sure, are you that will either miss or not these targets? And what does it mean, from a human perspective? Yeah, I think that first of all, it's really important to address and Secretary Kerry, it just addresses in the beginning. We are not on pace. And climate, we have to pick up the pace on climate were going completely in the wrong direction. And it's something that we are feeling on the ground. I've I mean, my community was washed away by floods only two and a half years ago, devastating impacts on my community. And I come from an indigenous community in the Amazon rainforest. And I think many times when we were in these spaces, were talking about cutting emissions, we're talking about how you know these all these clever calculations of how we're going to cut carbon emissions. But really indigenous people have been facing the been on the frontline of the extractive industries for decades now. I mean, I have neighboring communities that live in in that have oil in the in the in the water because of what the oil industry did in their communities. And now we have them causing the this global issue of of climate change. And, I mean, emissions are not going to be cut. If we don't actually keep fossil fuel underground. Let's begin with actually attacking the root cause of it. We can talk about cutting emissions all we want and come up with clever, you know, calculations and do it on paper. But if we don't keep fossil fuel underground, we will will not meet 1.5. And if we look at the state of the world at what is at one point around 1.2 Right now, it's already devastating. Look at what happened in Pakistan, an entire country that's been washed away. I think that where I mean, right now we're, I kind of hear a lot of talking about the that the green hushing instead of greenwashing. And I found that a really interesting conversation here, how companies are now kind of taking back their commitments or holding their tongue because they don't want to commit too much because of the state of the world. Right. But we are not treating the crisis as for example, that the, you know, the energy crisis in Europe that is now fueling the kind of making countries justify a new coal mine. In Germany, we're not treating that crisis in Pakistan, equivalently, to what's happening in Europe. And if you think about it, our communities have been facing natural disasters for decades. Right. And it's only been exacerbated in the last couple of years. You know, what you've given me so much material there? The question is, I can go to Secretary Kerry on keeping oil and gas in the ground, rather than taking perhaps emissions, because I think part of the reality is, and the IEA said this, even if we hit the Paris climate targets, around half of our energy needs are still going to come from fossil fuels, even by 2014. That's the reality we faced. Or I could go to Germany and talk about coal. And I know Germany said that, look, we're still gonna hit the targets for 2025. But it's tough to say to other nations, hey, you know, get your house in order when things are going in the wrong direction, energy security, irrespective. So let's go there. Let's talk about this. But also with a prism, I think as well of what's just been done in the United States with subsidies to fuel the technology to tackle this and the sort of concerted concerned response in Europe, Secretary Kerry, which one good question, my friend, you get to choose. You could talk about the IRA afterwards. 30 B roll of the IEA makes it very clear that if we wanted to, we can achieve the 45% minimum reduction, the scientists have told us we must achieve by 2030, we could achieve that just by deploying renewables, not by opening up new fossil fuel projects. So there's a fair amount of momentum, obviously in the marketplace, and in some very powerful businesses to continue business as usual. I also think we have to be honest about the other side of that ledger, which is, we will continue to have gas, particularly some oil, because they're used in different kinds of products, and therefore they will be drilled. And the issue is, how do we use them? Gas per se, sitting in a tank is not a problem, as long as the process of extracting it was green, which it isn't usually. But if it is, it's not the gas alone sitting there. That's the problem. It's how we use it. It's the burning of it. It's the byproduct of it. And until we can capture those byproducts. There's a certain responsibility that will fall on that industry to live up to the obligations that we've all agreed on. Would you agree with me pushing harder, I suppose they need pushing harder. But they absolutely need to come to the table and be partners in this effort. Because we can't get there if if those practices aren't changed as part of the doubt about where we're going, will we capture emissions? You know, gas is an automatic 30 to 50% reduction in emissions, just because it's gas, it's cleaner than oil and gold particularly. But once you burn it, you're still putting emissions up, which if we're gonna get the net negative by 2050, even after the 2030, which we could achieve with only the renewables, you're still going to have to be reducing emissions at a fairly steep curve. Now, there's a lot of work being done in CCUS, carbon capture, utilization and storage. There's a lot of work happening in battery, longer term storage in green hydrogen, and it may well be and here the gas and oil industry better watch out in the sense that the marketplace is going to decide this and if the price keeps going, where it's going and these new technologies, they're going to be priced out of it. And that's why a lot of them are now doing r&d and developing in alternative have renewable and other possibilities. So it's just not a it's not a simple kind of answer, except to say that we could be doing a much better job of holding people to a tough standard on the emissions because the emissions are what are taking us in the wrong path, target the emissions, and caught coal in Asia, particularly, there's too much coal, some new coal is being brought online today. This that's just not, you know, shouldn't be allowed. It is allowed, it's going to happen in a number of countries, because that's all they have, the only way they keep their economies going. So we have to have accelerated effort to guarantee we're abating. And moving. We cut the deal with Indonesia last year, the jet P, we will be closing down some coal, we will be deploying additional renewables, but there's still too much coal. And to meet the curve, we got to go on a decline in emissions. We've got to be reducing coal at a faster rate. When do you cut the deal with China? We're working on it. Right now. Jackie? Yes. For you giving me the look, do you want to make a comment here? No, I just think you know, first of all, I think it's, it's really not a race against technology, I would even argue not against finding capital, it's against the clock. So we were late in realizing what we have done and what we are. So I think back to telling us witnessing that the whatever we do even in the best scenario, we will pay the price for previous generations ignorance and our own generation as well. So I think it's all about racing. And it's time, I see with optimism from our own value chain in IKEA, where we have invested billions more than three billions into renewable wind, solar. And a few years ago, it was the beta if that was smart. Today, I don't think anybody's debating that. And I wish we would have been even faster in deploying our plants. And so there is a lot of I think reef firming of that we are on the right track, we have the medicine, and we can free ourselves from carbon. But as much as I would love to come back to the discussion on how do we address the the issue of bringing up more carbon from the ground? How do we deal with that? And how do we at the same time, double up on investments for renewable because we know what the recipe is. And then of course, to helenus point, also, we need to spend much more time in realizing the cost and the actions connected connecting to, you know, basically dealing with the consequences. And adapting. Yeah, I have to say, though, listening to that, I don't worry about the ignorance in our generation and generations past when these guys are in charge. I don't worry about that. We've just got to protect the planet and improve the situation till till they get there. And yes, Jennifer, you know, but I very much agree with her that both the technology, the knowledge and the capital is actually there. The question is, what do we do with it? And how can we work in several dimensions, dimensions, at the same time, collectively, yes, and maybe just to give a few examples on how we do that from a business perspective. I mean, first of all, we of course, transform our own business and our own asset portfolio, facing out the fossil part of our business, and making sure that we increase the investments into Fossil Free technologies. And we're mainly doing that by being one of the main offshore developers of wind in Europe. But we're also looking into investments of, of nuclear. And I think we need all fossil free technologies to sort of manage this. But then I think it's important to look at it from a business sustainability point of view, because as a business, you need to be sustainable financially, you need to be profitable, in order to do good business. But you also need to be sustainable from a climate perspective. To me, it's not, you know, either or so we are committed to be in line with the one and a half degree trajectory of the Paris agreement, we have committed to be net zero by 2040, not only in our own business, but in all parts of the value, chain scope, one, two, and three. And I think that that also, of course, includes biodiversity and other aspects of sustainability. And I think the third thing that I would like to spend just one minute on is that we are looking into how to develop new business models together with industries that are emitting a lot of co2 today. Because I think that if you look at the business models, and to me, then maybe not the way they look today, you can actually accomplish a lot. We do, for example, Fossil Free steel, together with SSAB and LKB. It's already there. It's working, it's on the market, but it needs scaling up. We do a pilot project on sustainable aviation fuel together with a shell, Scandinavian Airlines and lanzatech, where we use captured carbon and green hydrogen in order to produce electric fuels. And we do similar things in cement and plastic and I think then you can sort of unleash entire value chains rather than only looking at your other business, but to profitable business growth at the same time. It's such a great point. It can't be the core business, this cannot overtake the core business because you have to be a viable business first, and it has to be adopted and almost automatic integrated with Yeah, it does. It has to be synonymous, but it can't because it can't be the core business otherwise. And that's what I hear from the business community all the time. It's like, how do we balance the two and make them synonymous in that respect? I was going to ask you a question. Did they come to you very briefly, are you going to them? Are they coming to you and saying, Look, help us, we need to fix this. You mean the these industry clients that your tie, it differs in different areas. So when it comes to the steel, it was the steel company, we had an idea. And they sort of searched bearing partners in order how to make that work in reality, and when it came to the sustainable aviation fuel, it's what's more on our initiatives, it differs funny, that's what happens when you meet in forests like this and can have good conversations. Yeah, people get ideas. Yeah. And those things grow. Jennifer, you wanted to come in? So we have the cold situation, we have the cold question. Lots of different things. I'm happy to talk about that. I also was kind of responding to this, you know, we can we can rest easy because we have people, young people who are now active and and for me, it's our generation that has to take the action not rest easy, but you know, give it give us give them a few years. No decade? No, but but we don't have a few years, we have to give them a planet to hand over to, you know, to hand over to them. Sorry, I wasn't suggesting that we could rest on the laurels. Yeah, just to clarify. So I mean, I think just on the on what's happening in Germany, I think, look, what what the Russian war of aggression did was it was a huge wake up call about number one dependency on one country for so many of your energy. And number two, a dependency on fossil fuels, and the risks that come with that. And so what Germany has been doing is phasing out our imports of Russian fossil fuels. And in order to then meet our energy needs, we started with the largest renewable energy bill in our history. 80% renewables by 2030 will come online. And not only that, but also looking at these questions that Secretary Kerry was raising about permitting. So also moving from seven to two years so that you can actually move that forward. Those are tough questions and the implementation of of the renewable energy future, we also are working on energy efficiency law, we've put, you know, had to find other partners like Norway and and certainly the Netherlands in importing gas, we will import less gas at the end of this and have an earlier phase out of fossil use fuel fuels. Then before the Russian war of aggression, we also because of of the war had had to have some coal fired power plants in reserve, which is incredibly painful decision to make. But our coal phase out, North Rhine Westphalia will be 2030 working on 2030. In the east, four villages were saved. One was not incredibly difficult situation, incredibly difficult. Understand I completely the frustration and of of youth. And for me, it's a signal I think, not just for Germany. But if you have that level of engagement from young people, that's not going away either. And to me as a decision maker, right. Those voices, we talk about vulnerable communities, we talk about that Well, in our country, that's often youth and we actually have a Supreme Court finding in Germany, that found in favor of youth that we had to reduce emissions sooner, therefore, the 2045 greenhouse gas binding target. So we're on the case, we've had to make some very difficult decisions. I have confidence, I think Minister habeck has, that we'll get there also on climate, I think what Germany has been through in the middle of this crisis on energy and what we thought we might be seeing last summer and where we are now, which is in a stable situation. Working on climate and energy security gives me some security that we can also do that as a society on climate. Because we had to take care of the low income population, we had to make sure that that is there. And and that's a societal conversation that we need to be having with business but also with youth with, with elderly with the whole society. That's the conversation that's needed concerted industrial policy, government policy matching and working together. Yes, but No, just wanted to build on above agenda for speaking. But I think I think one of the challenges or maybe the myths also that we need to pass this when it comes to people, the amount of people out there so we know from from affecting our research in the key and it's been verified by other Institute's as well, that the constraint which is a good thing, the global concern is on a very high level. It doesn't matter if you go to China. If you go to Sweden, if you go to the US the concern for climate is out there, seven out of 10 In our statistics are deeply concerned, then comes an interesting and sometimes maybe worrying fact, how many are prepared to pay for the shift we need to do. And in our research, it's 3%. I heard BCG refer three to 9%. So maybe that reflects our customer group. The common misunderstanding here is that people don't care. But it's wrong. People simply simply don't have the money. So they expect us as government leaders, as corporate leaders, of course, to solve it. If you're a single mother living in 55 square meters, trying to figure out life, maybe you work, double shifts, etc. Obviously, it's the wrong thinking for us to think that, to invite you to be part of to pay a premium. And here I think comes even if it's difficult in reality in certain aspects, in general, we have to believe that wasteful use of resources is costly, smart use of resources, whether it's energy, whether it's material, it must be smart from a cost perspective. So I think what I'm trying to really work with is, in order to get there in time, which was your first question, we need to tie it to the new economy, we need to transform the economy. And there we know, today, we can do a lot corporate community, we can do a lot, you do a lot. And I bet to a certain extent, we also need a totally different collaboration with the leaders of policymakers basically, around the world, help us shift subsidies to the right places, incentivize them make us move faster, and it will happen. I mean, we know the demand growth in the coming decades is all going to be in emerging developing markets and the Western world, the rich nations may be saying in certain cases, they don't have the money. Well, we need to flood them with money, too. We'll come back to that point as well. Jennifer, I know you just wanted to make a point there very quickly. Just a quick one. I mean, I totally agree. And I think that is and that's why we need a social ecological transformation. And I think that there are very real conversations now with countries developing countries. That's where the finance question comes in reforming the international financial institutions to create a different alternative economic pathway there. And countries who are here from developing countries are, are open, they want it, they don't want an extract to this economy anymore. Secretary Kerry, we just talked about this, on television about the idea of, and it's got to come down to the IMF and the World Bank ultimately, just on this point, and the idea that the shareholders need to have a conversation and an understanding that they have to perhaps accept more risk, they have to accept with that risk comes loss in order to work with the private sector and get more private sector money into emerging markets, to developing nations to develop technologies. And the upside there is there may be profits, too. Let's be clear startups, the technologies that we've been talking about are the biggest shareholders of the likes of the World Bank and the IMF, to Jennifer's point here, ready to take a little bit more risk and accept that that might mean some losses, and also some profits. Let's be clear, too. Are they ready? Absolutely. I think they're hungry, impatient. And I think there will be considerable dialogue about this and effort made over the course of the next few months of Spring Meetings of the banker in April, the World Bank and the banks come together in Washington. We are the largest shareholder, the United States, but our other sister and brother shareholders are critical Germany, France, Britain, UK, Italy, Spain, and so forth. I think every single one of them that I've talked to is really impatient to get reformed because that reform, which will not require profound change in the charter, it will not take away their triple A rating. It has the ability if you follow the rules, but do it the right way, to significantly increase the amount of money that is available for concessional lending. But But let me let me just point out something here. So people understand this connection. When I say money, money, money, money, I heard my self being quoted yesterday and I said, God, I sound like Gordon Gekko on Wall Street. I actually sang it today like an Abba song. But But look here, here's the reality. You have big financial institutions. They play by rules all around the world, different in some ways, but they play by rules. They also have clients. I mean, the money Blackrock has, for instance, is vast majority is owned by individuals by entities. And they want that money treated in a certain way. And everybody has a fiduciary responsibility, those who manage money or invest money, and you can't just throw it away. And nor will they allow that to happen competitively between them. So you have to find a way to be able to motivate that money to see the virtue of investing in one of these slightly riskier, conceivable, but not not altogether. So let's look at The other side of the ledger, you have countries in Africa that desperately want to be able to do better by their citizens. And they want to be able to provide them energy, they want to create jobs. But to do that they have to develop. And this is a fundamental development challenge, which is historically understandable. You don't have a revenue stream, you can't go to the market. So you have to find cheap, but you have to find money that's either giveaway money, philanthropy money, or budget money from Germany, which is quite incredible, but amazing money last year into the deal with Egypt couldn't have done it without Germany, say we're gonna put up you know, 100 billion euro. And, and not 100 billion it was, excuse me, one day, we bought one of those 100 million 100 million, that combined with others to get to about 500. And that leveraged, that gives you the ability to de risk the deal, because those entities can take the first losses, which allows the people managing the money or owners of the body to say, okay, we can do this now, we're not going to be last in line for repayment, we may even be first in line depending on how you structure it. So this is the magic that we need is to unleash those trillions of dollars that are looking for good investments, but they're looking for bankable investments. And and there's a distinction here. So with the combination of blended finance, you have public money, philanthropy, money, money, that may be concessionary, and we're talking about that, like the World Bank cetera. And you add that to the larger sum of money that will actually make the deal happen, which could make money. And and so if you have a 25 year, PPA power purchase agreement, at a certain tariff that may increase with inflation or whatever, you get invest in that and pension funds can feel safe investing in that. And there are plenty of kinds of deals that produce that revenue, producing transportation, for instance, you pay for transportation, water treatment facilities, you pay for the water in certain places, electricity, you pay for the electricity. So any of those revenue streams that we could now harness the energy of that motive to make some money to feel safe. That's how we will accelerate this, this operation. And we're trying very, very hard to find ways to augment that pool of money that can leverage the other money, you can get a billion dollars, let's say leveraged, that can be six, seven to $10 billion, which you then are investing to create this transformation. So this is doable, no question. In my mind, we're working on a new structure where we're called the eta, which is a accelerated and emissions transition accelerator, which would allow a company to actually buy a credit, particularly important right now, because some companies have been really good actors. And they've gotten to about 8085 90% of scope one, but they can't do the last 10%. Why? Because there aren't enough electric vehicles to purchase. So there aren't, there isn't a smart grid to be able to take part in. So until that happens, you don't want to lose those people for being able to be part of this transition. So if you're gonna let them buy a credit temporarily, for a number of years, only for the purpose of reducing those coal emissions or the fossil fuel emissions, and deploying renewables, that's a virtuous, I've been environmentalist all my life. I oppose them when they were not thought out and there weren't any guardrails. But it's possible to do this in a way that gets you some cash, which you then use to leverage further reductions, while you're bringing the other things online that help those companies to be, you know, fully performing. This is the hallelujah moment because this is how you get from A to B in my mind, because you scale the money that is available and hope we get to the point where there's too much money and too few products. And we're like, Where can we put this money? Because I think that would be the ultimate first class problem. We're going to come back to this in a second. Because Elena, I want to ask you what you think because this is something that could be incredibly transformative. Does this give you more hope and confidence? And be honest, if the answer's no, it's okay. Yeah. I think that was when I hear a lot of these conversations, I think, you know, it's very business first, and then we'll deal with climate and then we'll deal with biodiversity loss, and as a secondary consequence, we will might save the planet and that needs to be reversed. First comes life. First comes planet, you can do whatever you want after that, can they come out and get secondary? Well, it flows on money. I haven't seen that. I haven't seen that yet. I've only seen you know, profit being prioritized above a healthy planet and the well being of people. And I think it's something that the head of the UN said this morning. thing was that, you know, the the business model is not inclined with the survival of humanity. And that's something that he said in this very forum this this morning. And, you know, putting business first is exactly what has led us to the point that where we are right now. And I think that, you know, especially coming from the Amazon rainforest, we have 1000s, of hectares of pristine rainforest. And the only ask that we have is to let the forest stay up, right, let's let the forest stay standing, that is the most simple solution that we can find, we find that solution in nature, it's already there. And the technology, it's great, but it's not a priority. It's not what's going to solve the climate crisis is not what's going to solve all these issues that we're facing on the ground. And I think that in this very building, we have people that are enabling that those crimes against humanity and against planet. And, you know, let's, I guess, like, let's not get confused here, where we're talking about not expanding on fossil fuels, we're talking about not continuing to enable new new fossil fuel development. That's what we're asking, we don't want any new oil wells, we don't want any new coal mines. We don't want anything, any new fossil fuel development, I mean, the the, if it's coexisting reservoirs, they're there, and there's not much we can do about it. But for myself, and for the next generation, we don't want to have, you know, we cannot allow to see decisions being made, that is furthering the development of the fossil fuel industry. And this is going to lead to huge consequences on the ground. And we're already seeing that, when I walk in these hallways, when I'm sitting in these spaces, we would really lack the sense of urgency on the ground, we really, really, really need to see it that way. And, and, you know, it's it really comes up to, you know, really strong and, and ambitious leadership and decision making boldness, I'll defend business in one respect in that I know a lot of CEOs who and this entire panel, quite frankly, as well, who cared deeply and put a lot of money into philanthropy, in trying to continue to hire more people and create jobs. And business has responsibilities in ways that they don't fulfill, but they also do a lot of good things and keep the economy moving. And I did have one CEO, I will say, say to me today, the biggest and best technology ever formed for carbon capture is a tree. Please protect the Amazon rainforest to your point there. And I think it's an important point. It doesn't it doesn't solve the entire problem, though. Because what we need is standing for us we don't Is it the planting trees is a good initiative, but we need to do is keeping you know, pristine rainforest that has entire ecosystems alive. And we're talking about biodiversity. And that's what needs to be at the center of the agenda. I think these conversations are really important. They are really, you know, essential, but we really need to be targeting and we need to be talking, looking at the bigger pictures of the main issues and what we actually need to be solving. I'm going to take your your words and say, Okay, let's put all the focus now on renewable technologies, renewable energies. And Secretary Kerry you and I talked the last time in Davos in May and I tried to say to you promise me you'll get a deal done. And you could make a promise, but you did it. And I think the United States needs to congratulating for that to such an extent that the Europeans are complaining and there is an irony there and that they were complaining about Donald Trump several years ago pulling the United States out of the the Paris treaty. And now the complaining when you actually do something about it and feel like it's perhaps the complainers. There's nothing wrong with complaining. I understand honestly, I think Jennifer would tell you and President Biden would tell you, where there are some concerns. We want to try to work with our friends to work through those concerns. But writ large, taking out one provision here or there that may affect automobiles, or one thing or another, the basics of the legislation are exactly what we need. And it's going to have a profound and it's already having a profound impact. Because it's providing incentives go out and do the discovery and do the r&d and deploy these new technologies. And, and, you know, I think our point of view is we need more of it. We need, you know, Europe already spends an enormous amount of money. But let's go folks, all of us need to be doing even more frankly, we wanted to do more than what we've already done in the inflation Act, which is extraordinary. President Biden started at a trillion plus, that's a 369. It's actually going to be a lot more than that. Because it's not, it's not amount. Sort of contrived, it's it's how many how many people qualify for the tax credits that you can go up 800 billion, conceivably, that's going to kick things into gear. Yep. Jennifer, very quickly, Europe do more. Stop complaining. Yes, this point I didn't Well, first of all, we have us legislation on climate. Congratulations. It's incredibly important. And that is something to celebrate, in a major way. And I think I fully share what we're working it through. And I think you see also a lot of collaboration on technology on standards between Europe and in the US. And yeah, game on. We talked about race to the bottom, though, in terms of emissions rather than anything else. Seriously, I think there's a funny line made an important speech yesterday, I mean, moving and I think that's this, this issue of needing collaboration, and ways of collaborating also on things like a bio ecological bio economy, which, you know, that is good for indigenous peoples and local communities, but then also the competition that drives things forward. pace and scale of change. We need it. Yeah. healthy competition. Anna, needs to be fair, but there will be. Yeah, I would like to emphasize three things, because I think that a lot of the solutions are there. And a lot of things are in the motion. And I think that we're sometimes forgetting that. So the question is, how can we get the pace up, because the pace is definitely not where it needs to be. And I think in order to do that, we need to be both short term and long term at the same time. And I would like to take the European and NATO crisis as an example here. Because of course, we are in a situation where we need to make sure that people can afford to heat their homes or run their store or their bakery or their business. But we also need to be long term in terms of the transformation that we need to do, because the root cause of the problem is a fundamental gap between demand and supply. And there is a demand for a lot of fossil free technologies. And the first movers coalition that Secretary Kerry is one of the initiators of is one very clear example of that. But what we need is now a lot more supply of fossil free energy production, in order to be able to be competitive going forward. And I think there's a lot of good ideas in the in the European Union, but also on national level. But I don't think that the implementation is fast enough. So I think that there needs to be a stimulation of investments or regulatory stimulation of investments, rather than sort of hampering them. Because we need a lot more of this fossil free technology. I mean, we are we are building additional offshore wind power, additional nuclear, additional battery storages, etc. And we need more of that. But we need it much, much faster. You think too much red tape, you need to get way too much red tape, and it doesn't only go for energy generation, it goes for distribution of energy, and it goes for industry, the decarbonisation and I think that it's not about, for me, it's very important that it's not about being profitable or sustainable. I think it's impossible as a company in the future to be competitive unless you are sustainable from a climate perspective. And I think that it's perfectly possible to live a modern and comfortable life with a sustainable footprint. And I think it's up to us in the business community to really offer attractive and affordable, affordable customer propositions to enable that, that turns it on its head to go from a conversation where it's like, it's gonna make me less profitable to be more sustainable to being an essential tool to be profitable and to be a viable business. If you're not doing this. Yes. But you're the one of the chairs of the WEF climate Alliance, and you were asked several years ago to do this. And you said, No, despite your morals, your views. And then it changed to talk about the evolution of the conversations that you're having with the private sector because I do want to talk about greenwashing, greenwashing, tree hugging actually, we'll come back to that as well. So I told you that in private, maybe I will. I have to say one thing I think is to say what would you share alien is is what's right. So until we close the gap to 1.5 degrees, you're right, you're right, was after because of course we are learning as we go along. That is not enough only to dress me D it's about materials. It's about nature, it's about people. And so in a way you can say as we are progressing. Of course, there are new insights new, hinders new surprises along the way. And I'm sure that's going to continue. But the saddest story in my case was I I was curious to learn from the west climate Alliance and I decided not to be part of it because there was no commitment and there was no agenda. These are this is a couple of years ago. And then the question was if if We would change that, would that be interesting? And then of course, it's hard to say no. And I, it's an incredibly source of inspiration to me to see a group of CEOs that are today 127 CEOs, if you if you, basically, if you banded the carbon footprint of that group of leaders, would it be a country would be the third biggest in the world? So then you say, of course, that's an issue. But here it is. This is a group of voluntary leaders. So I've decided to be climate leaders, who are either committed to Paris on the way not only to make a commitment, but actually to do the plans. And today, we had discussions around how nothing is only on how do we break through what are the barriers we need to move? How do we meet up with policymakers? What type of investments do we need to make? So that gives me a lot of hope that we haven't yet seen the momentum of all the things that are actually being planned. And I would say the general sentiment is, the biggest risk today is not to jump on the train of the transformation, which is, of course risky for any venture, the biggest risk is to be left on the platform. Because you will not only lose out of the economic benefits, you will lose out from a taxation point of view on shore, but you're gonna lose out from a brand from recruitment of people, in the end of the day, looking yourself in the mirror, also. So I think if if anyone is still on the platform, it's time to get on the train. And doing so you don't have all the answers. So if Haley and I would ask me questions that will come to pointers? I don't know. I don't have the answers. But I'm willing to take the, you know, the challenge and the responsibility to make sure we close the gap and get to a leap of faith, because there has to be a lot of that. And that's always the case. Yes. Life you take risks. That's what businesses and business leaders do. Yeah. And also, had you said yes, without there being any commitment, that would have been greenwashing in my case, as well. So I think it's a credit to you to say, what is this going to represent? And what is this going to do? And then I'll jump on board and not be left on the platform or vice versa. So once I know we're actually gonna achieve something, Secretary Kerry, can I ask you about this role of government, private sector, engaging? It's pacing on this as well, because the message we're hearing is, for the most part, I think there are corporates out there that want to do more. It's not in ignorance. It's a in some ways, I think, a lack of information, a fear factor of of the red tape, the amount of paperwork, the amount of numbers hiring, that we have to do in a slowdown and economic slowdown kind of environment. How do we get above that concern for the private sector that this is going to represent a huge burden that quite frankly, I don't have time for, because there is still this gap. Now there is a gap to it, you're absolutely correct. And bureaucracy is the enemy of all of us. We don't have time to do business as usual. So we've got to break through and good governance has got to step up and provide the framework within which you're certainly protecting the interests of your citizens at large. But you're also facilitating the ability of business to deploy its capital and to make things happen here. As I said earlier, you cannot take 10 years with endless litigation to decide whether or not you're going to deploy a wind farm in a place where it obviously makes sense and where other people are deploying in some way. So. But government, you know, there's a partnership here, we I think we've, for the most part, and parts of the world governance has improved in the last 1520 25 years. There are places where it hasn't. And they are being left behind. I mean, that is the problem for them. One of the reasons that certain parts of the world have not been developed, is you have a combination of political risk and currency risk and governance risk, regulatory risk, all of which combine to say to somebody who wants to deploy their capital, I'm just not going to do it there. It's too risky. And I know there's a sensitivity many quarters of an impatience about, you know, that kind of reality, but it is a reality. I mean, you know, Winston Churchill said, democracy is the worst form of government except for everything else. And that's kind of the world we look at today. So it's not perfect, it's never really gonna be perfect, but you've got to work out the best you can. I think it's remarkable what we're doing today. I think we're moving at a much faster speed. But we need government. I mean, for instance, what the what the US did with the inflation Reduction Act, was basically create a framework which invited people to use their capital in certain ways didn't tell them they have to do it. pick winners didn't pick losers, but created a production tax credit investment tax credit, and people can go out and do their thing and compete in the marketplace. But you've got to facilitate that. On the other hand, I've come to believe after the years I've been in public service. And when I left being Secretary of State, I was convinced, no government is going to solve this problem. Let's understand that no government has enough money to plug those trillions and do what we have to do. So like it or not, we must find a way to create the incentives that bring the private sector to the table. This is a partnership that must be played out in order to win. And and I believe the private sector is ultimately going to do this, I've met a bunch of young entrepreneurs who are doing amazing things in startups, they're taking risk, their investors are taking risks, and they're producing new batteries that they have a longer life that allows you to balance your entire grid. I've seen folks who are chasing green hydrogen, people who are putting together I mean, look at the people who've been working on fusion for years, talking about taking risk, I can remember when I went to the Senate in the 1980s. And we have a big fusion program, Massachusetts, it's still going and it's now one of the lead ones, it's got its Commonwealth fusion at MIT, and they've had a breakthrough. But other than some federal money that's been put in there, a lot of people risk their money and put it there, because they believe ultimately, they're gonna have a product that can produce revenue, and you make some money. So the private sector is absolutely key to our ability to be able to win this battle. And the private sector is going to produce green hydrogen or, and now we've created incentives to help make that happen. So I really feel more confident about the direction we're moving. The marketplace of the world is moving, folks, you got to get excited about this. This is going to be the biggest transformation economically. Since the industrial the original industrial revolution, absolutely. Four and a half 5 billion users of energy in the world today, that's going to go up to nine to 10 billion in the next 30 years. People are going to demand electricity, power service, heat comfort. And so this is a marketplace. And its it has the ability to be able to move very, very rapidly, I think if we will create the right framework, and unleash private sector ingenuity and innovation and capacity to get this done. And also this doesn't happen without China being on board, by the way, but you've told me you're working on a deal with them. So I'm going to take central we don't get there without China reducing emissions and being part of this, but I believe I think something is in transition. And that might, you've made a progress now. So I'm gonna hold you accountable. We have two minutes left. Jennifer, I knew you wanted to say something. Can you do it in like 15 seconds? I can because, yes, we need the frameworks. And so we need the policy frameworks. And so I am impatient. Because I think companies if they're frustrated with process, they need to engage in fixing it. Right. And so the policy makers that are there who will testify on the floor of the Senate, who will be in the parliaments who will get the policies passed, to create those frameworks, that is essential to get that working together. Because then you can move the money into the space, but not every company. Is there. The right thing happened. Okay, I want to show of hands, who believes that we will hit the Paris targets or at least kind of catch this is a little bit more optimistic when we came into the room at the beginning, show of hands. Even if you're lying to me, I love it. Congratulations, guys. Give us another hour. We will. I'm ready for it. One, one and a half minutes left, gone. And I think you you tell us why we should care because 60 co did make a very important point earlier in WEF and that was that talking about this to the outside world. You're a tree hugger, you're a crazy liberal. There's still this perception that somehow too many people in the world aren't on board with the the need to tackle this. And I think you're the most passionate of everybody hear about doing this give us the reason give to non believers the reason for why we have to protect our planet. Yeah, and I think as a one minute I'm gonna steal some water as the probably only person on this panel born on the 21st century, it's great to have the last word, because this generation deserves it. I think I mean, right? We're talking about solutions, right? And we're, I was I was I was talking about, you know, how we the only thing we want is a living forest, a standing forest. And indigenous people have been the people that have been protecting these forests. It's a it's a it's a great contribution that needs to be recognized in every single space. because if we ignore that, we will see, you know, continuous human or human rights violations in indigenous communities, the same communities that are on the frontlines of climate change the same communities that are on the frontlines of extractive industries, the same communities that are making the biggest contribution in climate mitigation. And what is it that actually makes indigenous communities do this work? It's not business, it's not, you know, investments. It's not everything that we've spoken about here. It's a mindset, it's a relationship with nature, and that conversation is essential in this because if we don't integrate that into this conversation, then we're losing, you know, direction. In my community, we call it the living forest, we see everything in the forest as a living being, it's a relationship of mutual respect, and non extractive. And this is why we have been constantly you know, why we have dedicated our lives to the protection of the Amazon rainforest. And that's why when we're talking about climate, we need to make sure that indigenous people are at the center of decision making, we need to make sure that we're there from the beginning to the end, not through consultation processes, not through, you know, some vague participation, it needs to be at the center of a solution. And we don't see that today, we don't see that direction to where we should be going today. And I give you some Can I give you I have. I mean, we're ending right now, but we kind of, oh, I'll just add this. And please do after that. And I think that I mean, the urgency of the use, we put it together in the letter, Greta, Vanessa, and Louisa and I urging oil CEOs to phase out of fossil fuel, you know, immediately, and we're here at Davos to deliver that. And it's, we have almost we launched it a few days ago, we have over 900,000 signatures that are supporting it in a matter of days, it shows, you know that the commitment of civil society, it shows a commitment of youth, and where we want to be going. And I actually want to end this with with an ask of the climate and voice I'm sharing this panel with you know, that I A the IPCC, the Secretary General has been urging every single decision maker in the world to, you know, to commit to no new fossil fuels, no new fossil fuel expert exploration. And yet, these decisions are being made, you know, when in completely ignoring that this pledge almost from younger generations, it's almost, you know, we've been advocating for it for years, and we're still going into the wrong right direction. Can we walk out with a successful Davos and actually say, this is the commitment we have, we will not explore new fossil fuel. Is that a commitment that you can make to this new generation? It's actually okay, we do get lost. It's practicalities versus passion, and love and the heart of what we're trying to protect here in the planet. Secretary Kerry, I'm breaking all the rules. No, I want to be really quick. Like I love and respect. Your passion and your voice is really critical in this but I want you to know that today. I met with your environment minister of Brazil, newly appointed by President Lula, we talked with Marina Silva about the forest, how we will have a different a new approach. President Lula is coming to Washington in a few days, I am going down after that. We're going to be going into the forest we're going to be putting together with Indonesia, and with the DRC, which has the Congo Basin, an entirely new approach. Tomorrow, we're having a meeting with all of those players, Indonesia, Brazil, and my co chair of a new entity called the forest, the forest protection partnership, make sure to include Ecuador, my country also and we are we are going to be all inclusive, and we are going to try to come up to save all of those great basins with a new approach an entirely new approach and Ghana. The minister from Ghana Minister Jinnah poor is my co chair of this new entity, this partnership and I think you're gonna see a renewed effort, which I hope will give people some faith. And by the way, a lot of businesses are stepping up and saying we're gonna put money into this effort to save before us. We know there 25 million people there who are indigenous, who don't have a livelihood, it's going to take some money to help provide them. We get it. And I want you to have a sense that if you work at it, sometimes these systems can actually produce something beneficial, am I going to do our best? We owe you a better planet. We'll work on it. The panel. Thank you. Thank you 