mitigation Good morning, we're starting our Davos with the most important topic, the future of our planet. So it's great to see so many friends here. And also people that I had the pleasure to work with over decades that I know are very committed to making sure that our planet doesn't catch fire, and that we also use the necessary tools that we have to make sure that we get climate change under control. And that we follow up now, on the pledges from Montreal, that was an amazing meeting. For the first time we decided 30 by 2030 30% of our nature should be protected for future generations by 2030. Since we now have 70% of nature we have decided to use maybe we can let those coming after us decide if about the 30% left. I don't think that's about it. This is really about also making sure that this is a decade of delivery. So far, it hasn't been, but it's time to change after drum shake. And Rania, thank you for your leadership there. We know it's about financing. No, we have to walk the talk by also making it possible. There is a financing gap. All the pledges were made, and they made progress. Remember, John, before we went to Paris, we were both foreign ministers back then. And we were Yeah. We also were on track for like a four degrees thing. After Paris, I think it was reasonable to think that we at least could make it three degrees. Of course, the goal was 1.5. After Glasgow, I think we were more or less on track to 2%, two degrees. I think after Sharm there is a possibility to reach 1.5. And we did not move away from 1.5. But is know about financing. It is really making sure that the whaleboat technology both on mitigation, but also adaptation has to be implemented. And that's why we have also gathered the philanthropic community here. And we know we can do more in this field. I saw a report last night preparing for this, that only 2% of the philanthropic funding goes to nature and climate, philanthropic philanthropy is doing a lot of very important things in many, many sectors globally, that's for sure. But I think there is a potential to step up in the area related to our planet, because here, we are really defining if we are going to have really sustainability in the future. And as you can see, the Gaia initiative is very important for us. The guy initiative, of course, is our planet. Greek mythology, is really about how we can make sure that philanthropy also does its part when it comes to saving our planet. So we have a great panel, and also a lot of great people in the room that I know is super committed. I couldn't think of anyone and I mean this from the bottom of my heart that could introduce this topic better than Secretary John Kerry, John, you have been so committed to the environment, oceans, climate, and even as Secretary of State in the US where there is a lot of geopolitics. We know that it's not the lack of that still, but even the Secretary of State ate, you put the oceans and climate on top of your agenda. And I don't know any other secretary of state that has done it in the way you did it, and no other foreign minister. So it's a pleasure to have you back in Davos. John, my dear friend, and I'll give you the floor hair. Thank you. It really is important to be here. Let me try to slow down here and focus on the task at hand if I can. And I'm privileged to share a few thoughts with everybody here. I keep set up last night I daughter is here, she does a lot of work in health. And we met up last night, we're sitting there talking, you know, so how do we change the way people were thinking about this and talking about it? And why is it that allegedly wise, adult human beings, CEOs, some of the United States Senator, some of them a whole bunch of votes? Why don't we ignore science? And why don't we ignore mathematics? And what do we ignore physics and somehow cannot bring themselves to do what we need to do. And when you stop and think about it, it's pretty extraordinary that we select group of human beings, because of whatever touched us at some point in our lives, are able to sit in a room and come together and actually talk about saving the planet. I mean, it's so almost Extra Terrestrial to think about, quote, saving the planet. And if you said that to most people, most people, they think you're just a crazy tree, hugging lefty, liberal, you know, do good or whatever. And there's no relationship. But really, that's where we are. You look at what's happening with species, half the species of the planet and then already killed. And if you've looked at the way we live, the incredible sort of destructive process of growth, the way we interpret it, not not as enlightened growth, but as it's a robber baron growth, growth, driven by a lot of different things. We had 18 separate $1 billion dollar cost events in the United States last year. And you're looking at Pakistan with 30 million people in one single event were displaced, and their lives were affected, uh, you know, extraordinary people, you run around the world, I'm not going to do it now. Because this group is smarter than any group and you're, you know, what's motivating and bring you here. But damn it all, we have to find a way to, to get really serious about bringing the corporate world on board around the world. Mark, thank you, for you and a whole bunch of folks who have been just brilliant leaders in really laying this out. And that's not a throwaway. Thank you. It's making a huge difference. There is an I'm thinking for the first time and the last year is because of what burger just said about we were somewhere around three degrees, three to four, maybe when we went to Paris, and we're not Yeah. So there's on the one hand, on the other hand, life that we're all leading right now. On the one hand, the destruction is unfathomable flooding, it's just amazing, not just in California, but Nigeria, Uganda, Mozambique in different places. And somehow we leaders to lead have got to be able to bring folks to the table and organize ourselves around real things that are really going to make the difference. Now that tip the balance from this, on the one hand on the other, we have to make it on, here's where we are, here's where we're moving. It's all excitement. It's all a brilliant possibility set of possibilities, because because of where technology and creativity and civic efforts and the marriage of young people who want a future with folks like you here who are close to young still but moving on. The reality is folks that I mean, this this is the time where we have to get it done and make it all meaningful. Now the private sector is stepping up rather remarkably be honest with you, but not yet even at the level we need to be let's face it, a whole bunch of companies in the world have chosen to say I'm going to be net zero by 2050. And you and I, we know they don't have a clue how they're gonna get there. And most of them are not on track to get there. So this on the one hand, on the other hand world we're living in is where we came out of Glasgow and where we came out of Sharm el Sheikh, that we went from the possibility that we were heading to 3.5 degrees or more a warming of the planet, to 1.8 degrees out of Glasgow. And if you take all the things that were promised in Sharm el Sheikh and add them to Glasgow, you can get to 1.7 degrees. And I'm sure five DB roll or share that with you in one venue or another here and the next days. But we're not doing everything we promised nobody. And I think about what what the IEA said to us few months ago that in order to get the 1.5, and keep it, and by the way, we have not yet lost, there's still a possibility of achieving 1.5, we make the decisions that are available to us, if we treat this in the for the challenge that it really is almost like World War Two, when we knew that in order to win the war, and we didn't know it in the winter of 1943. But in order to win the war, we had to organize ourselves to take control the skies, and take control of the seas, and be able to smash the no the the battlements had been built along the coastline of France and Belgium and Netherlands and so forth. And we have to get through we both we did it. And if you read Paul Kennedy's book, professor at Yale, called the engineers of victory, you'll read how this group of mid level, folks were making big big decisions and implementing them and getting things done. They weren't caught up. And he was a bureaucracy. It didn't take them 10 years to get a sighting plan for a wind farm or for a solar. We can't do that. I was talking with the White House last night with Bruce Reed and others. You know, the State of the Union is coming up. And the President's got to, you know, and I think we'll because he believes this, we're going to move this. Because that's the only way we keep 1.5 degrees alive. So how do we get there? Well, the lesson I've learned in the last years, and I learned it as secretary, and I've learned it since reinforced in spades is money, money, money, money, money, money, money? I'm sorry to say that I mean, yes. Technology. Yes. Exciting new initiatives. Yes, organizing, winning races politically. mean, what happened in the midterms in the United States is nothing less than miraculous, it happened because young people voted. And the second most voted issue was climate. It's a huge deal. But we have to go further. I have said this before, I'll say it again, I'm convinced we will get to a low carbon, no carbon economy, we're gonna get there. Because we have to. I am not convinced we're gonna get there in time to do what the scientists said, which is avoid the worst consequences of the crisis. And those worst consequences are gonna affect millions of people all around the world, Africa and other places, of the 20 most affected countries in the world from climate crisis. 17 are in Africa. And if we're going to keep faith with the Global South, and we're going to be real, about dealing with justice in this transition, then we have to make sure we're bringing the global south along, even though that's adaptation, and that's resilience and talking about loss and damage and so forth. We have to do it. Because we have to build the political consensus that allows all of us to go forward. Now. I'm running over time, and I know that, but I want to just again, why wound up on this one, folks? Here's what we need. And we're doing it with with our deal that we cut with Indonesia, with what we did. I'm gonna shot those, what we did, Rania knows that the new Fe program we put together, it's gonna get rid of 15 gigawatts of the pollution. By deploying 10 gigawatts of renewables and five gigawatts of gas shut down Levin turbines will be shuttered, and gas will go to Europe to help it in context of Ukraine. Perfect set of symmetry, and it's going to happen because we were able to put together $500 million. A big concessionary loan from Germany, thank you Germany, important contributions from different entities. But we don't have time folks to be cobbling together bespoke deals here or there and every we have to do it in a massive basis. And the key to that one of the keys is philanthropy. It's not the only key. We need governments to put federal public money into it. But there is no way to win this battle without I quickly put the without with the no way to win the battle because somebody will edit it and say Kerry said there's no way to win the battle. But, but truthfully, folks, the secret to this is is this partnership gay? Putting together, the first I thought was a great wine. But seriously, it's the moment where we can pull ourselves together. And we have to do this day to day and bring the private sector to the table we have to unleash Mark Carney knows this as well as anybody, we have to unleash the trillions of dollars for bankable deals, how do you create the bankable deals, you have to leverage you have to bring people together to to take first loss to minimize the risk. The minute you do that, you can get a deal like we got with Indonesia, with Mexico with Vietnam. Final thing I'll say, I've said this many times, but I want you all to focus on it. 20 countries 20 economies, equal 80% Of all the emissions, you solve the problem to start with, by making sure all of those 20 countries are doing what they need to do. And that includes the United States, China, Russia, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Brazil, you know they are, we have to pull them to the table and leverage further. And I think that's doable. But time is, in fact running out on us. So I hope everyone will look at this initiative, we've had many different initiatives, you all put money in to help us with the global methane pub. And you put money in to help us close the deals, in many of these cases. So you're playing an absolutely critical role. But we've got to all figure out, how do we leverage further how do we augment this, in order to be able to win the battle. What's exciting is, and this is not false optimism. I saw technology the other day, that's, that's, that's going to create usable, no co2 gas, which uses existing co2, and heat and other things to be able to put together this new so of LNG. These are the things that are going to change the world batteries and that 70 new battery companies all of a sudden, that are spouted up because of the IRA in the United States. And the reaction of other countries shouldn't be oh my god, you shouldn't be doing that. That's putting us in an unfair position. Do it too. Everybody's got to do the same thing to accelerate this process even more. So God bless all here. Thank you for being part of this. Let's honestly show the world that we can get the job done. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Secretary Kerry as well as Borge for your comments. Vice President, although I don't know whether you want to take a seat in front, there is a chair. Yeah, fine, okay. And thank you, all of you for being here and being part of the Gaya community. Over the last more than 50 years, the World Economic Forum has been very much focused on fostering public private partnerships to improve the state of the world. And today is an important milestone because you've added the third P into that public private construct to see how we can scale catalyze and mobilize a lot more action around climate and nature. And only if we join forces, can we really move in time to deal with the challenges ahead? I have a very diverse panel here representing the public, private as well as the philanthropic sector. And I also want to save some time for comments from the floor. So if I could turn to Mark, first, right, you've been co chairing the Glasgow financial alliance for Net Zero defense for period now and also been a very strong force in promoting climate action, climate ambition, accountability amongst financial institutions. Can you tell us your thoughts around how Gaia could actually work with defense and the law of demand many other global initiatives to support climate in nature action? Sure. And I'll I'll try and be brief and pick up on what Secretary Kerry was saying. And let me pick out and actually let me salute the jet P initiatives with Indonesia, Vietnam, others, new FA as well, which has been so instrumental and getting done. I think I want to use them because it illustrates points where philanthropy can come in and leverage huge amounts of capital. That's this is the key point. So one of the things in the Indonesian jet P is there's a couple of 100 million dollars of philanthropic capital, which is going to be used to help with project preparation is drudgery. It's the specifics of the actual project. You know, this well, Minister, that has to be done. Yes, we could get the MDBs dealt with it, but it might take too long to the philanthropic capital is coming in helping with that. We need advice in various countries around enabling environments as well the technical assistance. This is measured in relatively small dollar terms, but it unlocks and to give the examples of friction After the Indonesian one, it's ultimately a $20 billion financing, which shifts the curve for Indonesia by 20, almost 20% of carbon over the course of this decade in Vietnam, it's even bigger, it's almost 30% over the course of this decade, so the point being small amount of money early on getting the projects ready. That's the first second element. And I'm sure we'll get into more detail on this others will, is around the whole world of carbon credits, biodiversity credits, different nature swaps, and the ability to help unlock we need layers of capital in again, to catalyze investments that need to happen to help stop the wanton destruction of our ecosystems. Remember, 11% of emissions last year were from deforestation itself, 11% of total emissions just cutting down, we need to slow stop, reverse that. And private capital has an important philanthropic capital has an important role to help build something that will bring much bigger layers of private capital. Last point, which is that we have a need in all of these situations. And I'm going to defer to the minister because she's been architect of of this in Egypt with new FA, we need to just transition. These changes bring widespread displacement of workers impacts on communities, we need retraining, we need on the ground assistance. There are now and again, a real role for philanthropic capital Mike core point is that these interventions, unlock 10s of billions of dollars. And I'd like to say that the private sector is going to move in and do them and maybe they should, but we can't wait. And that was a core point of John's and actually, in many respects, the expertise resides elsewhere, which is in the philanthropic community. Thank you, Mark. And maybe this is a good time to turn to minister Rania. You've just came off a hosting cop 27 in Sharm el Sheikh, and underlying a key theme out of Sharm el Sheikh was fulfilling pledges. Now. Could you tell us a little bit more about how philanthropy because I know there's a whole chapter dedicated to the role of philanthropy in the guidebook or just financing, tell us more about how philanthropy can support the fulfillment of pledges and commitments. Thank you very much. And it's great to be here and see everyone after we had a meeting is in Sharm el Sheikh and I want to thank the WEF, for bringing on philanthropy. I remember when we had our panel and Charlotte was mentioned. You know, the missing P. I said, No, it's a prominent P. And really philanthropy is a prominent PND equation, Mark explained that something else which is, is quite important, Secretary Kerry mentioned the global south and the point of just transition, we won't be able to move forward on our pathways of climate action and development, unless we have that prominent p with us MDBs. Everybody knows that the amount of money they provide is not enough. When it comes to helping with project preparation, etc. The 2% that was mentioned in the video, I think that if we take a closer look at philanthropic money that goes to agriculture, helping farmers, which is adaptation, which is climate, you will find that 2% A little bit bigger. And that is what we need to focus on. For mitigation, there are metrics that we can actually benchmark against for adaptation that does not exist. And therefore we need to work collectively to be able to also push philanthropic action and money into adaptation, resilience, to avoid things that happen in Pakistan to actually push forward on the investable projects. And this is what we tried to put together. And I want to thank all our partners when it came to Egypt country platform for the nexus of water, food and energy, Secretary Kerry Mark Carney and all the putting this together was was was a very important exercise to show that if we are able to define as country, what our priorities are, with respect to climate and development, we'll be able to mobilize financing, and you know, you know, put all this puzzle together so that whether it's mitigation or adaptation, we can move forward. Philanthropy is important. We as governments need to give a compelling and convincing argument. We need to be transparent with the project itself, what is needed, I believe philanthropy and MDBs need to work more closely together. And there's an ongoing debate on how MDBs need to be, you know, redefine their work and I think there's an element of philanthropy, contribution coming in there, both in terms of work on the ground, but also maybe in in In projects, which are defined as important for governments, given their work with different MDBs, there is a way to scale and increase magnitude. Let me conclude by our work on just financing very, very important during Sharma shift. With GE fans with the private sector of philanthropy, we put together the Sharpe machine guidebook for just financing. And as you mentioned, there's a chapter on philanthropy. We had Rockefeller with us and other philanthropists. And there we have a whole chapter on capital providers, what are the ticket sizes? What are the risks that are being taken? So we need during this year, as we're still presidents of copy didn't end in charm, it started in charm, to try and roll out the discussion around the different findings here. This was a collaborative effort. So two points, the just financing and also country platforms so that we are addressing both mitigation adaptation as fast as possible and the prominent P, we keep on pushing the message. Thank you. Thank you, Minister Rania, indeed, for Gaia is about growing the pie. So we encourage and mobilize more individuals institutions to come forward to champion climate and nature. It is also not about diverting funds away from social causes and other activities. But it's how we can integrate climate nature considerations when we are giving, and finally is around how we can be more effective in this giving to link this mighty pea, with public private action so that we can move at speed and scale. I want to now turn to Desmond, who is the CEO of Temasek trust, and you've just launched the philanthropic Asia alliance to look at mobilizing more philanthropic action in Asia, right is obviously a very important region because there's growing wealth in Asia, and also that this is also a region where there is a lot of scope for climate action. Can you tell us a little bit more about your plans forward? How do you intend to one mobilize more institutions to step forward and also to deploy working through the Gaia platform? Well, first of all, thank you very much can wave for inviting me to be part of this very distinguished panel. But you're correct to point out that that there is massive challenge and also massive opportunity in Asia. I think if you look at the size and magnitude of what we're talking about, we know that Asia is home to 60% of the world's population, that accounts for 42% of global wealth. At the same time, of course, it's also responsible and accounts for more than half of global emissions. And I think if you look at the global climate risk index, the estimate is that almost two thirds of the most climate vulnerable countries lie in South Asia and Southeast Asia. So it's a it's it's, it's a severe concern for everybody in Asia. In fact, the Swiss Re Institute I saw one of the scenarios which which postulated that if we were to look at the collective Asia GDP, the assessment is that this would shrink by 25% over the next 25 years, if nothing is done, about climate change. So these are huge, complex challenges for us to solve. We know that no one can do this alone. We also know certainly not to this kind of scalable impact that is much needed if we're all to combat. Climate change is what Secretary John Kerry said in a in a race against time. So what we're looking to do at tamasic trust, is we believe that collaborative philanthropy is crucial to bring together public, private, and the philanthropic sectors to address the more systemic structural, environmental and social challenges, which is why we set up what we've called the philanthropy Asia Alliance last September. This is intended to pull together collective resources and expertise with the view to catalyzing comprehensive solutions to prime Asia as a force for good. It's an action oriented Alliance. And we're now actively reaching out to like minded partners from across the world, not just in Asia, to try and come together as a coalition for that kind of change that we would like to see in Asia, like minded partners who also see the need, also the impact and the opportunity of Asia, on planet, people, to also help to foster the kind of regional peace and progress that we'd like to see. And we hope to bring as many of these partners together in in the PA philanthropy Asia Alliance, which looks at a few levels of partnership, at one level partnership, it's in donors coming together to pool their financial resources, both for philanthropy as well for impact investing. And in the kind of innovative financing that we're seeing today, around blended structures, as well as in outcome based financing, or Pay for Success kind of model. We're also looking for partners who would be willing to come together with us to manage programs on the ground in Asia. And certainly, we're looking to see how research knowledge expertise can come together, in in this alliance, to help us to enable the kind of capabilities and change that we'd like to see. Any kind of partnership in any form of alliances is what we're looking to try and forge through the philanthropy Asia Alliance at Temasek trust is looking to put together I welcome all of you to join us this September, when we formally launch the Paa at our annual summit in Singapore, and, you know, join us at any level of that kind of partnership. But importantly, I would like to thank the W E. F for being a strategic partner to the philanthropy Asia Alliance, this is important in terms of scaling impact. We think that Gaia is exactly the kind of global platform that allows us in fact, it fits with our resolve and our purpose and allows us to actually drive the kinds of semantics that we're keen to push forward through the PA. Those semantics are no surprise, it's in the area of nature and climate as one broad, thematic, it's in the area of holistic and inclusive education as another area. And it's in global and public health in a third area. And we already, as I was saying, this is action oriented. So we've already started calls to action to drive forward in each one of these areas. So we look forward to having as many people partner us as possible. Thank you very much for listening. Thank you, Desmond. And I know that you have been quite successful, because even at the initial launch of this idea, there has been four or five partners coming from Hong Kong, Indonesia, joining forces, to see how we can better mobilize action, not enough, unfortunately. But we hope to get a lot more better if I could turn to you now, because you run a business. But you've also been thinking about philanthropy for a period now, right? strategic philanthropy in the Gulf region. And you've in fact, you've set up a few centers that's focused on studying the space. I know you've also recently been appointed as the cop 28 champion for corporate as well as the philanthropic sectors. Can you tell us how Gaia can help to scale efforts in the Gulf region and beyond? And also your plans? Give us a bit of a preview on what we can expect at COP? 28? Sure, thank you. So just a quick disclaimer, unlike many people in this room, I'm not an expert on philanthropy nor climate change. I'm a good student of both. But I am a staunch believer in the catalytic potential for philanthropy to really move global systems to address all challenges really facing humanity and our habitat. And of course, climate philanthropy is no different. Now, I've often referred to philanthropy in general as being the Forgotten child of the capitalist system. I think we're slowly being reacquainted with a child, but that child has all grown up. And so we've got to stop treating it like a child. And I get frustrated when I hear that philanthropy on the whole, you know, it's, it's nice, it's good, it feels good. But it's not going to move the needle because it's relatively small. First of all, on the quantum, it's not small, as we know, it's well north of a trillion dollars a year could well be double that or more, if you consider all all of an entropy, we're not counting or we're not measuring, which again, to put it into context is five times global Oda. So it's not small. But leaving the quantum aside, the quality is really where as Mark was referring to, is really where it matters. And its nature of obviously being more nimble, more patient more risk tolerant, and more equitable, as strategic philanthropy is where it's going to drive that multiplier effect in partnership with business and government. So in many respects, I think climate philanthropy can be that glue that binds together business, government, civil society, towards better outcomes in furtherance of our climate and nature goals. Now, just something to mention on the emerging markets because it was mentioned, of course, including by Secretary Kerry, as we know, emerging markets today the climate philanthropy within emerging markets is relatively low, for various reasons, probably a fair bit less than the 2% global average. But we do know of course that these markets are going to bear the brunt of the climate crisis. And so in many respects, the climate challenge will be won or lost within these markets. But I am optimistic that we're seeing great change in these markets. And I think we're at this inflection point now for a number of reasons. First of all, I think much greater institutionalization of philanthropy across emerging markets, that's a very positive trend that is happening. Secondly, I think this generational transfer of wealth huge that's taking place not just globally, but within Asia alone, we expect $5 trillion or more to be transferred from one generation to the next. And this is to a generation that's far more attune to both the risks and the opportunities associated with climate action. And third, I think is general awareness globally, but also in these markets of the interconnectedness of the climate challenge, really addressing challenges within all our systems health, food security, national security, of course, you know, social justice, and so on, and so forth. So we are at that inflection point, just a quick note on cop 28. Of course, a cop 28 presidency is well aware of how challenging this is. But it is up to meeting that challenge by really creating these systems of collaboration, this global architecture for all these players to come together, and to pool capital, but also ideas and energies to generate and create that multiplier effect. And one of the things that cop 28 presidency would like to do is, of course, collaborate very closely with Gaia, to build this community, not just within philanthropy, but also linking philanthropic players with other systems of capital, including, I think, very importantly, venture capital, to help to promote better venture philanthropy to help to drive technology at the r&d level, to help to scale up action. So I think it's an exciting time again, commend WEF for all the great work that it's doing, and just deliver that message that cop 28 wants to collaborate and cooperate with everyone to co create these, these solutions to address these these challenges, nature and climate. Thank you better. We have 10 minutes, and I'd like to open the floor for any comments from the audience. Yes, the gentleman. Yep, we've got your hand, please introduce yourself and then. So we know. So my question is regarding so we are talking about among solutions for countries like Pakistan, which is the same land because it's already, so what quick solution we can take so that we don't pay these kinds of situations in next year. So you have in common in terms of short term solutions for developing countries. Nearly reactions from the panel solutions to prevent situations, because while you're talking flood past five months ago, they're still what are what they are, people are still living in Ghana, because they live in shelters. So we need to be prepared for another flood in coming years. So we need to come up with solutions, we need to have all these asset management solutions so that we are better prepared. So I just wanted to make solution for this. So I can just say that during cop 27, one of the breakthroughs was the loss and damage trust. And, you know, we need to expedite the financing that goes into loss and damage, because this is one example where certain areas in Pakistan are lost, and therefore there needs to be an expedited push push forward. But again, there were so many pledges made a while back, if countries had done adaptation projects to protect from these climate disasters, we wouldn't be in that situation. So I think we just need to push further and further the message and try and be more more fast with with all these initiatives in terms of implementation. Or to say very quick, I mean, the question proves the point that the resources are wholly inadequate, the speed of deployment is wholly inadequate. And I would say as well, that the scale of understanding of the granularity of understanding of future disasters is still inadequate. In other words, we have we are more and more precise and sophisticated, if you will, on mitigation and the pathways on carbon and the mapping to outcomes. But actually, from a from a risk map from the scale and the the likely location of, of these disasters. We're still at early stages. Now part of what's been put together is through through the GRI and others, using the global insurance industry is to get much better about that has to be in parallel, met with resources from public multilateral and philanthropic sectors so that the deployment is there, alongside And so part of the reason for the initial silence is there is not the resources there. And you know, as I say the question proves it. And this is part of where we need to map private expertise and and scaled up philanthropic dollars. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My name is Dion binder from France. I'm here as part of the younger leaders delegation. I'm the founder and CEO of red Annapolis, which is an initiative that seeks to support entrepreneurs at the nexus of nature, climate, and urban resilience. So my question is, how can big philanthropy help us deploy impact at scale, because we we all share the urgency to act. We don't want to hear yet other commitments of big money being deployed on climate action and nature preservation, but most of the efforts are actually is actually borne by entrepreneurs. So we actually it was weird to Nepalese creating an alliance of implementers so that we can have bigger money from philanthropists to help us deploy at scale. But I My question is like, how can you help us? How can you help intrapreneurs have an impact? Thank you. So one of the things, if I can just share, one of the things that we've done through our foundation is actually to give a price, a livability challenge prize for any kind of idea that helps us with mitigating climate change and improving our resilience. So as an example, we've we've given a million dollars, a couple of years ago to a team from Los Angeles, actually, that came with a really interesting idea of how to do carbon sequestration, and to turn this CAPTCHA into actual construction material that can be used. And, you know, with with the million dollar prize, that's only one one part of the spectrum, there are a whole lot of other respondents who came in to that livability problem statement and challenge. And those ideas, not just this particular winning idea was those ideas were picked up by venture capitalists who are interested in scaling this. And so this speaks to this point about having to bring or wanting to bring private capital into all of this space. Because if you can bring in the private sector, venture capitalists to come and see it into all of these areas, there will be a lot more energy and momentum, spawning all kinds of new ideas and innovations in the space of acting against climate change. And Mark, just very quickly, hugely important, but also proven approaches at scale, which I think is part of your and I would suggest one immediate thing is to connect you with the C 40. Initiative, the large cities initiative, there's important philanthropic capital behind it, I will offend people if I don't name all of them. So I won't start on the on the list. But this and this is part of the point which I think Gaya can help with, which is to pool and amplify, like minded initiatives, in order to have the impact that you're looking for. Just to say that this is an opportunity that the cop 28 presidency wants to and will capture, because then as I mentioned, linking VCs, in fact, in the last few weeks, I've been chatting to and have soft commitments from 16 Venture Capital bodies or communities around the world, including in India and Sub Saharan Africa, and indeed, from Asia, to commit to deploying a certain percentage of their venture capital funding towards through investment capital, solutions, and entrepreneurs who are really leading the charge in developing solutions to climate and nature challenges, but also to put a certain percentage aside and venture philanthropy to really see not just entrepreneurs, but also scientists to go and find them in the labs, that the work that they're doing within the labs and help to scale those up. So again, we'd love to chat to you if you have ideas on how to scale this. Thank you. We are running out of time. I'm sorry about that. But I'd like to invite Neely Gilbert, who is a young global leader. She's also the chair of our investor of the Investment Committee for the Rockefeller Fund, to give us your closing remarks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all for being here. And for the launch of this important initiative. When we first came together at Davos in May, and we started to talk about the vision for Gaia. One of the things that I shared was David Rockefellers vision for strategic philanthropy which he bequeathed to the David Rockefeller Fund when he formed it two things, philanthropy, philanthropic capital should take risks. This is essential risk capital for seeding the vision for the future of the world that we want to need this Second thing is that we have a moral responsibility to use philanthropic capital to find leverage in driving changes in outcomes for the way forward. And Gaia reminds us of both of those critical principles. As we begin the annual meeting with the theme of collaboration in a fragmented world, the concept of how different forms of capital can come together to drive greater outcomes, whether it's public or private, philanthropic capital, is so important as a vision for how we can move forward on our critical goals in a time of challenge. So as we continue to expand on this concept, think about specific opportunities for how Gaya can move forward in driving, strategic systemic change that we need, as we've heard from many panelists, making a difference on climate touches all of our interconnected global goals. Please, I ask each of you to think about how yourselves as leaders, the organizations which you can touch, and others with whom you can speak and bring to the table as part of this critical work can join us in making a difference on climate and the future of society. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you 

