Excellencies ladies and gentlemen, warm welcome to Prime Minister Sanchez. I see a lot of other European leaders here to wanting to hear the message from Prime Minister Sanchez, this is your fourth time or really your fifth time in Davos, if you also include the digital, that will send it's always a great pleasure to welcome you back. Prime Minister. I think throughout your term of office, you have always underlined the importance of EU matters and European corporations. And I think that has yielded clear results for Spain and Spain has become even more an indispensable voice in European affairs and standing up for European values. In an era of deep polarization. We gathered here that the most challenging geopolitical and geo economic backdrop for decades, but there is also hope and silver linings, I think your garment has shown that it's possible to revive growth, even in challenging times and with reforms. And you've been putting Spain at the forefront of the twin transition, leading the country's digital transformation and steering it towards a more ecological, sensible future. So also in our reports, this is very much on the line. So Prime Minister, but look forward to continuing the debate and look forward to hear your message. And we're so happy to see you back physically, here in Davos. So, as the Prime Minister. Thank you. Thank you, Butch. And good afternoon, everyone. Coming back to Davos is a sign of a much longed for return to normalcy as are the unmask the faces that I can see in the audience. Yet, today does not feel normal. At all, does it? The world is trembling, many of the certainties that we had just three years ago have now vanished. And the new ones that are supposed to replace them have not emerged yet. Many citizens feel that something has broken and that the world is heading down a dark path. There should be no doubt that Putin is the main culprit of this terrible detour. He attacked the rules based international order when the world was at such a low point in the midst of a terrible pandemic, an act of cruelty that speaks only to his own weakness. But perhaps, perhaps we should put him aside for a moment and ask ourselves, what about us? Haven't we also made mistakes? Are we doing everything that we can to protect that international order based on openness, rules and collaboration that Putin is trying to undermine and destroy? Many international alliances have indeed is strengthening after a COVID and the invasion of Ukraine, particularly in the realm of defense. But are we not only seeing borders become more closed to both people and goats, and support for many multilateral organizations? Are we doing? Are we doing enough to fight inequality and social injustice and to prevent further autocratic leaders like Putin from emerging? And what is equally important? Are we doing everything in our hands to tackle climate change? Or are we using this crisis again, as an excuse to slow down the green transition? I believe this to be the right moment and the right place to ask ourselves these questions and to realize that if the answer is no to any of them, then it means that we need to wake up. Because there is much at stake much more than the performance of our economies on the next quarter hour our present struggle needs not only against booting or the energy shortage. It is also against fear, mistrust, selfishness, xenophobia and environmental disaster. And its outcome will define life in the west and beyond for decades to come. That is why I think that we should do more we do should we, we should do more that we should use this opportunity to remake and strengthen our international sector to redouble our commitment to our liberal and democratic values, and to craft new rules and new leadership that will allow us to effectively overcome the great challenges of our time, such as climate change. And as I say earlier, inequality, if not now, when, if not us who? Since I am giving a speech, the only thing I can offer are words, but words can become something powerful. They can become promises. And here's mine, my country, Spain, will step up to the challenge. My country, my government, will be standing at the frontline with those nations committed to fight for a world driven by social collaboration and environmental responsibility and not by fragmentation and sorters. Ms. And Spain will do this by actively engaging in the four main threats that the world is currently facing. The first, the pandemic, which unfortunately is not over yet, is Spain is the fifth country in the world that has donated more COVID vaccines, more than 70 70 million doses. And, and we will keep doing so until countries in the Global South have the same access as those in the north. Second, we will continue to help Ukraine in its struggle for freedom. Last year, this pain, created the largest humanitarian aid package in its history for the Ukrainian people provided military support worth more than 300 million euros and received more than 150,000 Ukrainian refugees. And the support will not stop until put him with routes. His troops and Ukraine become once again the independent and prosperous country that once was. So President Solinsky we have your back. Third, international threat in which Spain will keep its commitment, the energy crisis. Last year, my country voluntarily reduce its electricity consumption by 7.5% compared to our historic average, and its consumption of natural gas by 23%. And we have contributed to the European security of supply by increasing exports of electricity and gas to the European Union to the limit of our capacity. We did so by doubling our imports of natural gas from overseas, and also by increasing our production of solar energy by 330 3% Compared to the previous year, which makes us the fifth country in the world in wind energy production and the eighth in renewable energy generation. Now, we will continue to support our European allies. And we will do so by fostering greater interconnectivity fair regulations and clean energy. So this crisis serves to accelerate the green sensation and not to delay it. In 2023, we will continue increasing our renewable energy production capacity in a significant way. And we will move forward in the construction of this first green hydrogen gas pipeline in the Mediterranean from Barcelona to Mercy. And we will start building two mega plants of green methanol that will create up to 85,000 jobs and full the future vessels of the largest shipping company in the planet. So I believe that Spain has outstanding conditions for the development of this kind of energy. That is why we already host 20% of all green hydrogen projects worldwide. Finally, we will also increase our commitment to food security. As you know, they will face a global hunger crisis of an unprecedent proportions. In just in just two years, the number of people suffering from in or leaving at the brink of it has increased from 135 million in 53 countries to 345 million in 82 countries. And in many developed developing countries, people are close to starvation due to shortage. And in many developed ones. Many people are struggling to put good food on their table due to escalating prices. So we need to act. Despite its size. Spain is one of the largest food producing countries in the world, and the first organic producer in the European Union. As such, we will continue to support the food supply chain, we will increase our agricultural production in balance with the environmental sustainability. And we will foster the development of modern agriculture in developing countries through a number of public and private cooperation projects. But, of course, there is more we can do. Dear colleagues, the best way to make sure that Putin and his allies don't succeed in their attempt to destroy the liberal rules and principles that have driven the international order, since the end of the Cold War, is to redouble our support to those very rules and principles. Not only with words, but with actions. That is why Spain has and will continue to increase its support to multilateralism. In times of uncertainty and difficulty, like the one we are living in countries tend to close themselves to build walls and cut ties from the rest of the world leader they hope that isolation will protect them. But it never does. It only makes them weaker. I am certain that the best way to protect Spain and Spanish citizens is to protect the rest of the world's population. That global problems can only be solved with global responses. And for this reason, since I became president, Spanish development aid has doubled from 2.2 billion euros per year to 4.4 billion euros per year. And in the future, it will continue to do so to Spain will go on to support developing countries and multilateral organizations with even greater strength and conviction than it did before. Since now, they are more necessary than ever. And let me let me say that this is not only what my government wants, this is what the Spanish citizens demand, not in vain. According to the latest surveys. They are the most committed citizens in Europe to solidarity among nations. And for the same reasons we will also continue to advocate for an open and interconnected economy. It is clear that we need to rethink global trade and supply change. Recent events have reminded us the production costs to that production code sorry should not be the only criteria considered by when deciding where to locate production change. There are other such as security and environmental sustainability. And I believe that Europe must recover certain strategic capabilities that it shouldn't have lost in the first place. capabilities in key industries such as defense, health, energy, or food. And for these reasons, this will be one of the main priorities of the Spanish Presidency of the Council of the European Union, which will take place during the second half of this year. But for Spain, ensuring Europe's strategic autonomy does not mean fostering a return to a kind of outer key or nationalism or economic fragmentation of the country. Spain is the 16th largest trading nation in the world, and the second most visited, our country has prospered by opening up and that is what we will continue to do in the future. While we advocate at the same time for our new European Union more connected with the rest of the world, particularly with our friends in Latin America, it seems that 2023 won't be a good idea A year for the global economy. It will be marked by uncertainty caused by the war, high inflation and the stagnation of some of its largest nations. But Spain will inevitably suffer some of the effects of this context. But it is also showing magnificent signs of resilience and strength. And this is what I want to share also with you. Because at this moment, Spain has the highest employment level of its history. It continues to grow above the average of the Eurozone, and it registers the lowest inflation rate of the European Union. In fact, all the international organizations agree that Spain we will be one will be one sorry of the Western economies that will better navigate this period of uncertainty and economic slowdown. And they predict that it will continue to grow and advance in the path of convergence and progress along which it has been advancing for the last 30 years. We have a first class network of physical and digital infrastructures, a well trained and highly educated workforce, a dynamic concatenates, private sector, and institutional stability. And we also have a plan of structural reforms and the way that has already invested more than 43 billion euros from the next generation European funds the global economy needs. Today more than ever, reliable partners that can be trust, and Spain will be one of them. supporting economic openness and multilateralism will be crucial to protect the global order that Putin is trying to destroy. But there's one more crucial thing that needs to be done. We have to fight the roads and seats that Putin has planted in our own countries. Let's not forget that Russian autoCrat is not all alone in his reactionary aspiration of fracturing the world and turning back the clock. He has some allies in Europe. Now they are they hide their sympathies and connections with Putin, but just some years ago, they were visiting him and praising His ways. So we must prevent these political forces from reaching the institutions and destroying the European Union from the inside. Because the threat is very real, especially in those countries where these far right forces have the support of mainstream conservative parties, which are opening the doors of governments. So we will pay them back with the same determination and conviction that the Ukrainians are fighting the Russian forces. But of course, with different weapons, our weapons will be democracy, transparency, and effective policies. And for me, this is the last point. And this point is crucial, because it's time to deliver. In most Western countries, inequality is rising and social mobility has a stout our citizens are losing purchasing power. They are struggling to find a decent job to buy a proper house to provide good education for their kids. To many of them, it is impossible to save for a well deserved vacation, let alone to have a decent retirement or a private health insurance. Meanwhile, the number of billionaires keeps growing. And large multinational companies keep increasing their benefits even at the backs of orders. How can we ask our citizens to put up with inflation a little longer, when some big companies paid zero taxes, thanks to the fiscal Paradise, and the holes in the international regulations that we allow to exist. And I'm asking you, global elites to help us change the situation. 100 years ago, when the world was still ruled by all aristocracies it would have been naive and pointless to do so. But things have changed. Today, many of you come from working and middle class backgrounds. You are leaders that have been democratically elected by your citizens, business people that made your own fortune through hard work. And that is why you know that the system is not fair. That is filled with injustice and inequality that it is time to fix it. It is time that our economy and policies Focus a game in what really matters, the well being of the people. Because if they cannot deliver that, what's the point of protecting them? My government is committed to this goal boards. Over the past 10 months, we have devoted more than 45 billion euros of public funds. To help citizens companies deal with the inflationary wave and the energy crisis. We have mobilized all the financial and Greevil legal resources of the state to protect them by cutting taxes, fostering free public transport, providing direct aid to SMEs and households, industries, and acting on the electricity and the housing markets. These measures have helped us to reduce inflation by five points in five months. And to make this crisis a bit more bearable to many. Thus, we will continue to help to hold and expand them until prices moderate, and decent life becomes affordable again. So my dear colleagues, the world is facing a major Pearl, whose threat goes beyond the Russian gas supply or the fate of Ukraine, we all must act to the limit of our capacity limits, that should not be determined by the scale of our GDP or by all rules that we never approved, it should be set by the needs and rights of our citizens, their welfare should be the measure of our success. So let's deliver. Thank you. Prime Minister, thank you for that. Very interesting overview. And congratulations also, on the good economic results. In Spain. That's not the case all over the world. As you've seen IMF and the World Bank, do fair that 1/3 of the world can go into a recession, but listening to you on the transition that Spain has been going through the labor reforms, but also some old otter economic reforms has led no to one of the strongest growth in Europe. You're the 16th largest exporter in the world are other things in the reform agenda that can be applicable also for other nations where they can learn because sometimes, of course, you also heard that the reforms can then make the country less competitive, but what you have shown by some of these reforms, that it has led to growth and more people employed so well, thank you. Thank you butcher. Well, I this most of these reforms, 180 reforms that we have delivered so far, during these last three years, by the way, with a coalition government with minority support in the Parliament, which is something I think remarkable for, I mean, the outcome of the same coalition government, the first experience at the central level, in our democratic history, the recent Democratic history, I mean, but Well, both of these reforms have been agreed with the European Commission has been for many years, included in what the commission calls the or name, the country specific recommendation. So, you know, it is important that these reforms are delivered, but is also very important. These reforms are delivered with the social recognition and the social agreements of the key actors. So for instance, the labor reform, we delivered with the agreement of the Business Administration and the trade union, which it never happened over the last 40 years, like squaring a circle. Exactly. Yes. And, and we are also doing that in other important reforms, such as the education reform or the vocational training reform, and recently, the university reform that we are about to end before the national parliament. Because I looked at the unemployment numbers they don't quite considerably down. A lot of more people employed is the youth unemployment challenge that you were faced with some years ago. Would you say that it's sold or is it no on the European level because it used to be much higher it is not sold yet. Of course, we if we compare it Our unemployment rates with the rest of the European Union, of course, is high. So it's still unacceptable. But we are on the way to resolve one of our structural problems, which is youth unemployment. But it's not only important. Indeed it is, you know, the that we are creating jobs and is also the quality of those jobs. One figure that, to me was very, very interesting is that, since we implement policies that moved workers from the shadow economy to formal economy, we have reduced by half a million, the structural unemployment in Spain in just less than two years. And these kinds of reforms together, or along with the labor reform and other reforms that are we are, you know, approving, such as the educational system, the vocational training system, the university system, or the science law, or the startup law, to attract and retain talent. I think that we are modernizing the Spanish economy in a way that perhaps didn't happen in the last 20 to 30 years. You're moving up in the value chain, I just saw that you have increased the people on permanent contracts in the labor market that 200%. So what you're saying is that, if you want to hire people, you should also be in a situation where you're so profitable, that you can pay people decent salaries and have have contracts, one of our major lags and problems, of course, is always productivity, labor productivity, and this also has been linked to temporary and procurements in our country. So that is why I think it's important this change, as well as delivering on gender equality, regarding salaries and working conditions. Minimum wage, as you mentioned before, and of course, recognizing labor rights for workers in the digital platforms. We were the we were pioneers in this kind of debate within the European Union. I also heard the prime minister said that you're still concerned with populist movements in Europe, you mentioned that they're still key players that don't necessarily stick to what is at the core of the values you are complying with and what would you what would you are sticking to we had elections in France, we had elections in Italy. Juice, do you think this trend has turned due to what we've seen unfolding in your print now? Or, or or we should not be complacent about this? I think that we cannot be complacent about it. I think that the main risk is that conservative parties open the doors of governments to these far right parties. And this is something something that goes against the European Union, any examples you would like to share with us? Well. What I think it's important to, to, to keep the unity, I think the biggest lesson that we can take from first the pandemic and how this terrible war in Ukraine and its implication for the European Union as a whole is the importance of unity. And unity is not only award in order to react to things that happens abroad, but unity also in a way to face common challenges. So for instance, energy, this energy crisis cannot be used by some to slow down their climate, the climate commitments are to align our responses to this biggest challenge, which is climate change. And this is what we're doing in Spain. We've been, as you know, quite well, very vocal since the beginning of the world even before asking the commission to reform and it was a matter of debate last year in Davos, with the committee with Timmermans. Commissioner Timmermans to reform the electricity market. We came out with this Iberia solution that allows us to reduce inflation in the Iberian Peninsula. But we also table this idea of central puchase. of gas to use our purchase power. Or, of course, you know, trying, as we proposed to the rest of Member States and the European Commission to the couple gas prices from electricity prices. This is the way that we can defend, of course, our households, SMEs and industries, and of course, competitiveness. It was really interested in the remarks made by Ursula von der Leyen, the President of the Commission, I completely aligned with her view this morning this morning, I think it's important that we take seriously what Biden administration is doing with this inflation Reduction Act, I think that Europe must react and do some homework, review our state rules, aid to renew our industrial policy. And for that, I think it's going to be crucial. At this point, especially in the second semester of the year, we will be very focused on the openness, strategic autonomy, because industry policies obviously back in the sense that, of course, is a positive thing, I guess that the US is now also trying to take the lead on the decarbonisation. I think the challenge is probably that 300 million, billion sorry, 300 billion US dollars. Two sectors that want to develop this can also be so attractive, that it attracts investments to the US that could have been in Europe. But what is the then the European response? Is it then to match that? Or is it to say that this is state subsidies? So we need we need to negotiate and to reach an agreement with the US administration. Because politically, I think it's important that after especially the war, Western countries, Western allies, transatlantic relation, get closer, and we don't split and divide ourselves. Second, because I think that it's important that that, that Europe review, its internal industrial policies, competition policy, or, as I said earlier, the state aid rules that, in a way, doesn't fit to the new reality, especially after the pandemic and the war. So, you know, I think that it's important to reach that agreement with the US administration to get closer, this transatlantic relation. But on the other hand, there are some homework to do. And we already sent our proposals to the Commission regarding the electric market regarding the review of the state aid rules, and we will do as we have been doing, over the last few years being constructive, proposing different measures that at the end of the day, what what we want to reach is a stronger Europe, and a much more integrated Europe, because at the end of the day, these are common challenges that need common responses, because you also mentioned the importance of this strategic autonomy. But coming back to the to the US IRI a plan that's also passed by the Congress. So maybe it's hard to see that the administration can walk back on some of this, but it's, of course, it's money that is put out there for semiconductors developments, carbon capture and storage, it's about hydrogen and etc. So what you're saying is that Europe can always match that with industry policy, if there is a political will. So take that into consideration this figure, only 10% of the chips produced worldwide, are produced in Europe. So we need to take some lessons from the past mistakes that we committed, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, and to develop this idea of an open and I remark open a strategic autonomy because we need that defense health food or this new industry of chips and semiconductors because when you speak with the CEOs of these global companies, what they tell you is that there is an expectation of doubling the demand. I have semiconductors and chips, also in Europe. So I think that it's crucial for all of us to have this new industrial policy and to, to develop this idea of the strategic autonomy. And by the way, I think it's also very important for Europe to look abroad. And to focus, of course, and keep this unity, along with the US administration, but also why not with Africa and Latin America, and this is, this is going to be one of my goals, to have this bilateral summit together with Latin American and Caribbean countries, and also with the self in neighborhood countries in the Mediterranean. And of course, since the President of Serbia is here, a good friend, and we will also host them convene in Granada. this very important meeting of the European political community, which I think is a very good idea to, to share strategies, reflections and to create synergies among different European countries. So, you know, I think that Europe has a lot of opportunities in this very difficult moment. But we need to be ambitious. And we need to, to, as I say, earlier, to wake up and deliver. Now I see President Aleksander, which is listening very carefully. It's a good first row now. Thank you very much, Prime Minister, I would have liked the conversation to continue. No, my colleagues are sending ovo that it has to come to an end and usually always end when people still want it to continue. But I think we're still there. Answers. Very, very thoughtful. Thank you for your leadership and very privileged to have you back in. Thank you, Prime Minister 

