Welcome everybody to the panel mastering new energy economics. If you're using social media, the hashtag is with 23. And without further ado, I'm going to begin. We're in a crisis, perhaps the worst crisis in a generation, not since the 1970s. Have we experienced an energy emergency on this kind of scale? One, and once again, that is hitting the most vulnerable the hardest. What we actually have is interwoven crises West cooling it Polly crisis, post pandemic, inflation, food insecurity, the climate crisis, and of course, the illegal war in Ukraine. Tackling one requires addressing them all. Energy literally fuels the global economy, providing it in a cost effective, efficient, equitable, and crucially, sustainable manner is a fundamental necessity. Today's short term decisions must accelerate us towards a secure energy future tomorrow. It requires, as you're here today, a massive, massive rise in renewable energy investment, and it has to reach the most vulnerable nations that need it most and simply cannot afford it. The good news and there is good news not too serious right now, renewable energy investment did jump in the past year up 12% From a paltry 2%. Post the Paris agreements, and also major economies stepped up to provide tangible support. The less good news we'll call it bad news, fossil fuel subsidies doubled in 2021, and have probably continued to rise. The industry itself says look, even if we meet our Paris obligations, oil and gas will still provide for around half of our energy needs in 2040. If that's the case, then that reality requires thoughtful infrastructure investment today. What's more, the lack of diversification that exists in energy supply today, existing clean energy to great example, electric car batteries Rose 10% In the past year, cobalt, lithium, nickel all those prices rose like OPEC plus, today, the nations that mined these inputs hold serious playing cards in the future. Energy supply chains have to be strong, diverse, sustainable, or we're simply in danger of swapping one challenge today for another. And that's going to require global cooperation. Finally, our role as consumers, the new energy economy requires significant change from us the total energy bill paid in the past year $10 trillion globally for the first time ever. What's more, the top 10% of households consumed 20 times the energy of the lowest 10% The richest nations of the world have proved that they can drop their demand when prices are high. That has to continue as prices come down because it's simply the right thing to do. Whether we like it or not. This is the reality of the new energy economy. Now it's down to us to master the policies that will sustain both the planet and its people. Now, enough of me, let's talk about this with some of the world's most energetic masters. Even at this time in the morning, my introduced by panel, Fatih Birol, Executive Director of the IEA. Joseph Ziegler, who's the Minister of Industry and Trade for the Czech Republic, Vicky Holland, President and CEO of Occidental, Patty Papi, CEO of pg&e, and Martin Wolf, Associate Editor and Chief economics commentator at the Financial Times, welcome, everybody, Fatty, I'm going to kick off with you. You've said it, clean energy, energy security, inextricably linked, there's opportunities, there's also huge risks. just spell it out for us briefly. So man, thanks, Julian also framing the discussion in the beginning. Well done. So 24th of February was the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and first of March, just a week later, we set the entire verge we publicly that we are entering the first global energy crisis. Our world has never ever seen an energy crisis of this depth and of this complexity by this very simple the reason because Russia is the 24th of February, was the number one energy exporter of the world. We aren't talking about any country, top energy exporter, number one oil exporter of the world, number of angles export two of the world's major play in the coal markets, and the Russia's actions and the measures that the countries took against Russia meant we are in the middle of the first global energy crisis with huge implications on oil and gas markets. We are seeing it in Europe, in the rest of the world. However, this crisis, why we are going through this crisis. At the same time, it gave a big boost to clean energy development. Because in deep in the past, the clean energy was renewables, electric cars, efficiency, heat pumps, they were growing, but the main driver was environmental reasons. And now, the biggest growth, biggest driver of renewable energy growth, today is energy security. Renewables are pushed very strongly, because mainly for energy security reasons, because the homegrown renewables are the energy of peace. So therefore, the long lasting solutions to our energy security problems, go through clean energy to renewables, such as solar, wind, efficiency, electric cars, nuclear power, all of them. And when we look at the numbers, Julia, you know that my job is making my hands dirty with data every single day. And I can tell you, that the growth we are seeing in the clean energy is very, very strong. Just give you one example, renewable energy 2022 Last year, the growth is compared to one year ago, 25%, we have never seen that. Electric cars 2019, only three cars out of 100 were sold was electric. And last year, it is 13%. Big growth. And if this trend continues that even acceleration in 2030, which is tomorrow, every second car sold in Europe, US and China, three largest car markets will be electric car. So let's keep these things in mind. And maybe finally, let me mention that, in addition to this immediate response to energy crisis, there is also more structural response coming from the countries such as from United States inflation Reduction Act, in my view, the most important climate action after parties 2015 agreement. So the IRA inflation reduction act from United States, if it 455, from Europe, a Japan green transformation of Japan, ad incentives, huge incentives in India for the batteries, or China, pushing in their five year plan, big new clean energy technology manufacturing, this a second dimension, in addition to the current immediate responses in terms of renewable efficiency, heat pumps, electric cars, we are seeing a big push, mainly driven by industrial policies of the countries, I think they will emerge. And we will, hopefully, we'll have a secure and clean energy future. Fatty, I'm gonna stop you and you've stopped anyway. So that's good, you're half glass half full, which is good. So he's the optimist voice, Martin, I'm going to come to you now for for the counterbalance. Because we are seeing a rise in investment, which is great, but it's nowhere near enough. And I think fatty would agree with that, at least today, we need to see a massive rise in investment. And, you know, as he mentioned, if I look at China, if I look at India, if I look at the EU, and we'll hear from the example there, I mean, they have to invest more in wind and solar, because as far as I know, no one's worked out how to turn wind off. And no one's worked out how to turn the sun off, at least, which I think is an important point. So it's a great story. But of course, we're hopelessly behind. So let me just say that I see. The good news is, we all agree that massively expanding the supply of renewable energy is a climate and security priority. This point has been made. And the second piece of good news is that these technologies are increasingly cost competitive. And therefore, in economics, jargon, they're dominant technologies, that is the most economically efficient things we can do. And that means that over time, if a lot of problems are solved, market forces alone will deliver this. But those forces are of course, because of the scale of what has to be done, which is not just money, but planning, solving systems, reliability problems, solving the developing country finance problems, finance is a huge issue. The market forces just won't get there at the time needed. All the serious climate scientists tell us that we have to have very sizeable reductions in world emissions by 2030. If we're going to have any chance of keeping close to 1.5 degrees, and that's just not on the horizon, it's not what's been happening. So let's not be complacent about it, we need a massive acceleration of the transformation from where we have been. And that will require dramatic changes in policy, serious incentives, serious de risking of investment across the world. And not just in our own countries, we are not going to solve this problem, Europe generates 10% of emissions in the world. If you include the UK, it's just not relevant to the total picture. So what I want to say is we've got to a more comfortable position, technologically and economically than most thought 20 years ago. But we haven't got the world into a more comfortable position. And we should not pretend we are, we're talking about getting over some of the inertia, because it's you said the pricing actually, in many cases is right, but we're still not seeing the kind of investment and the direction of investment that we need. We'll come back to that. You've given me loads of launch points for every other panelist that I want to hear from but, Minister seeker, I'm gonna come to you because I think Europe's been one of those hardest hit and had to make the quickest transitions and taking a significant amount of action in the last year. Talk to me about energy security, from your perspective, briefly, if you can, as a kicking off point. So, first of all, thank you very much for the invitation to this very privileged panel. The second point that I completely agree was fatigue that basically on 24th of February, world, the energy world has changed and this changes Euro vocable. I give you the simple example of the Czech Republic. And then I will come back to European issues. On was the beginning of the war, Czech Republic as a landlocked country was the dependence on the Russian fossil fuel suppliers was ultimate 100% The nuclear fuel the nuclear bars for the nuclear power plants 99% gas and more than 50% crude oil. Without infrastructure, the infrastructure was built from the east to the west. So what you do if you if you want to impose sanctions on the aggressor, so, and there are similarities with the Yom Kippur War from 70s, but the combination Europe has to solve and is solving successfully is much worse because it was something like the George Clooney is perfect storm, not only the market manipulation, which Russia started already before the war, where basically Gazprom rented the storage is the gas storage is across the Europe and you know, they were it was the beginning of the heating season on the record low level empty, simply empty without the possibility to get the this 155 We are talking about the replacement of 100 5 billion cubic meters of the natural gas from Russia. So 1/3 of the current consumption of Europe, then the extreme dry during the summer. So, the hydropower plants in South Europe were not working also Scandinavia and then basically missing capacities in France 30 reactors out of nuclear reactors are out of 59 out of order because because domain of the maintenance, so it was like more than 140 terabyte terawatt capacity, which is the production of the Czech Republic and Slovakia together the yearly production. So, it was the perfect storm and in combination with the need to fulfill the storage is before the winter extremely pressure on the prices 1000 euro per megawatt hour on the end of the summer for for electricity and, and Sir 350 for gas, so nobody can afford this. There was like a big threat that the social agreement in European countries will be broken that there will be social unrest that the industry will not be able basically to pay the electricity bills and the big strength of the deindustrialization. What what is positive is that Europe has again shown the Unity under the East same pressure and I had the privilege to chair the European Energy Council of the of the 27 member member states. And we were able to keep the unity and the solidarity and in extremely short time to introduce a package of the measures, which basically helped us to count down the prices to balance the demand and the supply. The situation now, if you look on the gas prices, the spot was yesterday and 55. So 350 on the end of the summer, 55 yesterday, so this is like a heaven. Hell. Yeah, okay. The Heaven is not as cheap as it was before. But it is, it is affordable. What is extremely important is that the part of the package is the idea of joint purchases in order to prevent for the future, this price spikes. Well, this is extremely important that everybody understood that the dependency on the Russian fossil fuels might be reduced by speeding up the renewable resources that so so basically, that that the time we missed in the past is not available anymore. And we have to act now. And we have to act fast. So basically, that the Europe was able to agree to speed up the permitting for the renewable resources and to create funds for this higher speed in in basically renewables. Of course, what is extremely difficult by taking this extraordinary crisis measures not to forget the long term narrative, right? I want to hear from somebody else, we'll come back to it because we'll go into more depth. But this is a yes or no question. Can the momentum that you've achieved over the last 12 months be sustained? Because it has to be can it be? So yes, yes. We'll come back to that. Now have a choice. Patty, you also understand crisis in California, that provision of trying to provide 60 million people with stable we touched on that they're cost effective with prices soaring. And, of course, you're fighting the longer term challenges of security against wildfires, the flooding that's going on at this moment. Talk to me about how you view energy security and what you think. Whether it's for your company, or more broadly, needs to happen and change and fast. Well, first, thank you for having me, I'm proud to represent the people of California and the people of pg&e. You know, we are in a different kind of war in California. And that is the frontline of the war on climate, we're experiencing it, we've just had historic flooding, we've had historic wildfires, we've had historic now snowfall, an earthquake, just in the last month, all of those things in the last six months. So we're experiencing it. And and we have some of the most ambitious climate objectives because of that, and the people of California are very resolved. And I'll remind people that the state of California, if it were a country is either the fourth or fifth largest economy in the world. And yet, we have very ambitious climate objectives. And I am extremely optimistic about the opportunity to lead this climate transition in a systems mindset way. So as a system, when we optimize that system, as we transition, we can do this in the for the lowest societal cost. And I see a very clear and specific pathway to the lowest societal cost of the transition by optimizing distributed resources along with Central Station, traditional sources of supply, but optimized in a very specific way. So let me just tell in September, we had a peak summer heat event. California had its peak demand for electricity on September 6, and so we are boots on the ground. I was standing watching the load curve creep up and creep up we saw the battery storage kick in right when it was supposed to that's new additions to California's energy supply. It worked just like it was supposed to but as we got very close to having to shut down our transmission systems and and prevent energy delivery to preserve the grid. The state took a very aggressive action to send out an emergency text message to all of the California cell phones and instantaneously 2500 megawatts came off this system. We watched the load curve drop with the straight line, which told me and reaffirmed us a hypothesis that I have the demand manage meant with modern technology can be automated. We shouldn't have to send a text message. It worked. But you basically said, guys switch off your aircon. Yes. Just said, yes, please reduce your usage by Californians responded because they're good citizens. But what it says is that could be automated with smart devices, Wi Fi communicating devices and electric vehicles, as a power resource bi directional power resource back to the grid would be an even an additional asset. That was what I would refer to as anyways, economics, people have already purchased the electric vehicle, it's an investment anyways, get its full value by putting its power back to the grid. And all of that can be automated technology can enable that this is a technology that has never been available in all of our years of delivering energy and electricity, in particular to the people of the world, we can now manage demand, and have the right use at the right time, not just conserve, not just use less. But instead smooth out the demand curve and have distributed variable resources that can deliver it will happen. And I'm very optimistic about that. Yeah. And you also have an electric vehicle advantage as well. And I know you're pioneering feeding energy back into the grid at these moments of peak demand. We'll come back to that as well. And Mr. Ziegler, I know he's nodding because he wants to talk about how Europe managed to bring their demand down. Vicki, we're happy to hear from Vicki first. It was 15 to 20% there, wasn't it, I can see Smiley. Coming here, please. Because I think the key word for Martin was emissions. And I think the oil and gas sector has a terrible reputation, I think you would admit that there are pieces of this sector that are recognizing that an existential crisis for the planet is also an existential crisis for them. And that's creating inertia. But you have a different way of looking at this. It's sort of a reality check. I think for all of us, please explain. Yeah, I think that it's what's important to understand is that the enemy is our emissions. It's not the energy source. And what we really need is a more thoughtful transition. And the transition has to be one that's built around ensuring that as we transition, that we don't leave developing countries behind and emerging countries, we have to understand that oil is the highest intensity energy at the lowest cost. What we have to do now is we have to address the emissions. And we have been making important strides toward lowering our methane emissions across the industry. And it's been a concerted effort by a lot of companies and countries to make that happen. And I agree with 5g and Martin, that and Paddy that renewables are critically important. And the reality is, that's a part of our transition to we need energy to provide the our equipment to run. And we're starting to move to using renewable energy. Battery advancement is important to make that sustainable, and to make that a consistent provision of of energy. But that's going to happen. And we're we're actually as I will say, just occidental as an example. We know that you We not only need to lower emissions from our oil and gas operations, we need to lower the emissions from a lot of industries. The oil and gas industry is always the industry that's attacked. But the reality is that a lot of the products you use and you don't like to hear this, but a lot of the products you use comes from oil and gas. And so simply building wind and solar is not nearly all of the answer to the question and to the challenge. So we believe that what we're doing will help transition our industry. And that is to get very aggressive with with carbon capture, not just at Point Source emissions, but you're seeing what's happening around the world with respect to climate change where we are today. So if we cannot reduce the co2 that's already in the atmosphere, we have a real problem. So direct air capture, no matter what model you look at has to be a part of the solution. And we are we just started construction last quarter of what will be the largest direct air capture facility in the world. It'll extract 500,000 tonnes of co2 per year from the atmosphere, the next largest is extracting only 4000 tons. So this has to happen and it has to happen in a big way along with Point Source Capture. And to me, if we can all work together to make that happen. That's the best way to partner them with solar wind and build building electric vehicles. So that is going to be the best way to transition very quickly. Are you in favor pending subsidies to the oil and gas sector, because it goes back to the point that I think Martin was making about that the price signals being off at certain times, you know, there's no doubt that there's been hardly any game changing and transformational technology that's ever been developed in the world that did not at some point, have some sort of subsidy, like wind and solar took about 10 years to reduce the cost of wind and solar by 80. For slabs, and wind and solar had subsidies. Now we with the inflation Reduction Act that was just passed, and thanks to Senator Manchin wherever he is, he's here at the conference somewhere thank him when you see him. But the IRA is a an important bill for us in that it does provide subsidies, not just for carbon capture, but for electric vehicles for lithium for for many other things that will help the climate transition, it says fatty said it's and others have said in the meeting I just was in it's one of the most transformational passages of, of a bill ever in the world. And it's, it's, it's going to, I think jumpstart a lot of things. And for us, the thing that it does is, it does enable us to advance the technology faster. Our goal is to build was to build 100 of these direct air capture facilities so that we could extract 100 million tons of co2 from the atmosphere between now and 2035. With the passage of that bill, that's going to make it possible for us to build up to 135 of these so. So it is important, and subsidies are very important for the development of new technologies. And what I'm really excited about, I know there's a lot of, thankfully a lot of enthusiasm and optimism on this panel already. And what I'm really excited about is where we have an advantage over wind and solar, and that we're starting to develop a brand new technology that's critically important for the world. But we're going to be able to build a digital twin as we're building them the facility so that we can with that digital twin in advance the development and the optimization of that plant a lot faster than wind and solar was able to do. I think that's the key, we have to accelerate everything, whether it's the investment, whether it's the technology, we have to take risks, sometimes the r&d is not going to work. And I know it's tough during a cost of living crisis where you're having to make short term and longer term decisions. But I think that points to it marked in common here, because there's two things I want to talk about. I want to talk about the best ways to de risk finance, whether that's to countries that need it most that can't afford adaption, finance, nevermind mitigation, finance. But I think the other thing, we've touched on it here with the subsidies in the United States, and that is creating good competition, not creating protectionism. And I mentioned the dangers of an OPEC plus kind of scenario with some of them. Minerals like and metals like lithium, like cobalt, like nickel, how concerned are you one about insecure new supply chains, but also pushing it so far with subsidies that perhaps we create unhealthy competition? And maybe that's a first class problem, Martin, how do we overcome these things? We'll get the balance right. And we haven't even mentioned China yet? Well, my general view in having watched governments for about a half a century and watch climate policy for about 25 years, is it it's always going to be a mess. I don't look for optimality, or anything vaguely like it is going to be wasteful politicized. But it has to move in the right direction. You know, when I think look at the mess of the nature of our subsidies, what we subsidize I'm very happy with the subsidies, subsidies in most of the subsidies in the IRA. God knows why it's called an inflation Reduction Act. But that's the point I'm making. It's going to be it's going to be political. It's going to be political. But so what one has to do in practice is find a way to marry political realities. With moving us very rapidly in the right direction. How that and I would say, so far, we haven't done a great job at that. But we haven't done an unbelievably bad one either. So the the, the answer to that, I think, is countries which have a lot of fiscal room like the US and Europe just need to be prepared to borrow and spend a lot and, and I'm less worried about fiscal deficits than some so that's what they're going to have to do the but there will be a lot of economic interests, pushing them in the right direction, because there's a lot of money to be made. So that that has made it more even than it was two 80 years ago, but it was basically if I may say, so the fossil fuels industry pushing against it. Now we actually have a renewable energy industry with everything around it, and everybody can see there's money. So this is good. And that will push people, for governments further to support them. And that I think part of what happened with the AI, the IRA and also with next gen EU, but the big hole to me, the biggest hole is the risk profile in developing and emerging countries. And the SMEs, very good reports recently outlined this, the high level group with Nick stern and various long wait, for example. So these there are two elements. The first of all, the problem is that nobody wants to lend money to developing in emerging countries with very few exceptions, because they think they might not on cheap terms, because they think they might not get their money back. So they raise interest rates to a level at which they guarantee not to get their money back. Now, this is a real trap. And the only way around that is to do risk it by the developed countries using the international financial institutions as risk guarantors. And for that to happen, the major ivies in here, it's the World Bank more than the Oba have to be prepared to lose quite a lot of money. And that then gets to really big political issues, who bears ultimately the risks in this system, which has been operated for 6070 years on the assumption that essentially, they never lose money. So this is, there is a risk, there are risks here that have to be borne by someone. And my view is basically, it's the rich country governments because there aren't any other risk bearers. There are lots of other things, you can do equity financing to something on the scale that is needed, and the speed that is needed, we really have to think about how risk is reallocated and born in the system, if you want this to be a global activity, and remember, emerging and developing countries are where all the growth in energy consumption and emissions are gonna come from. Yeah, the World Bank, in your case, in particular needs to take that first last piece, they have to be willing to bear the greater brush, they have to manage the scale of the losses, from their point of view, because they don't want to go back to their shareholders and asking for more capital. But somebody has to take that bite, you know, and say, well, actually, this is so important, we're going to have to risk losing money. Yeah, the mindset has to change that has to be clear to the shareholders in the beginning, we're going to throw throw money away. Well, that's where you get to the point where what is politically feasible, may not actually match with what is globally essential. And when you're in that situation? Well, political feasibility has to change, that I'm going to come to you on this because I think this is vital to get your insights on this too. But Mr. Ziegler, I feel, I feel like I've sort of teased your responses to a number of these things now. What do you make of this? And how do we how do we do how do we do this? How do we facilitate this, I'm going back to the to the savings 40% of the energy consumption is related to buildings and the biggest part of of it is a heating and what was extremely important that the Europe was able already during the summer thing about the next heating season and the first extraordinary meeting and they became known that I convened the historical highest number of extraordinary energy consoles in the history of European Union in order simply to align as said, We will sit as long we will finish basically what we have to finish. And the first mission impossible was the alignment on gas savings already during the summer, save gas for a safe winter was the slogan and what was extremely important to convince the population that they are the part of the game and what is fantastic for example, in my country, that we were able with simple measures to save 15% of the gas consumption only during few months by simply convincing the people they have to heat less they have to sink if they increase basically the room temperature of the Euro hoodie and I know that we cannot repeat it for a second time. But you know, why not? This is technically not possible, but the demand response limitation of this like hotfixes is simply given you cannot force the people to have like less than 18 degrees you know in the room so they are like a technical limitations. So we now have to come with more advanced a broach. But what is important is that basically Europe is aware, and Europe is working in this direction, when it comes to subsidies. As a former banker, and also partially macro economists, I say that you know, we should be careful, because subsidy is something like a doping in sport. If you then have to live without a subsidies, it is difficult to turn back to, to a normal life. And sometimes we see that the people, the intrapreneurs, are not sinking, what is good for the people, but where I can get subsidies, so, I will invest there where I will get bigger subsidies, and I understand the importance of the inflation Reduction Act, from the US perspective on the other side, in Europe, etc, much more controversial, because it is saying to the European investors, go back go to us, because because this is, this is more profitable for you, because they will subsidize, and they will give you much cheaper energy than you can get in Europe. And when we start a rally of subsidies, this is extremely dangerous, because you are speaking about fiscal room. And I don't know that, you know, for example, Fed would agree that the fiscal room in the US is as big as some of the people believe and Europe, it is not the one animal we have a we have a situation countries with 25% inflation countries with 7% inflation with completely different levels of indebtedness to GDP. So with a completely different fiscal room, within a Europe, so we have to be smart. And we should not allow that the Western world will now also compete where basically, the necessary investments will go to this is capitalism, isn't it? I can this is capitalism, healthy competition, they're trying to boost their industry, Europe has to in some way, step up to the plate too. I agree that we don't want siloed investment in that duplication of investment. And capitalism. I feel like we have to think outside the box where renewable energy is concerned. But I take your point, Vicki coming here, I just want to I'm conscious of time as well, this time I do I do just want to say that subsidies shouldn't last forever. But subsidies really are needed to develop new technologies, what we're seeing is we're seeing a growing voluntary compliance market that's willing to pay the price for to achieve net neutrality from the standpoint of their carbon footprint, more than 2000 corporations around the world have committed to that. So we're seeing that subsidies will not be there forever, we don't expect it, we expect to advance our technology so that it will stand alone support itself and be a growing business for us, we do expect to become a carbon management company over time. So it is going to be a profitable business. I will say though, with respect to Europe, I hate to say it, but I have to say it imposing windfall profits tax on the oil companies that are doing their best to grow wind and solar in Europe was not the smartest move, in my view to come in here. Because I mean, it could have been tax free if it were going to just put investment in make it simple for all of us to put the frame. Now, if big if if we all want to reach a 1.5 degree target to keep our climate safe. But the scientists tell us to do our climate target. Today, divert invests $1 for fossil fuels, and one and a half dollars for clean energy, so the ratio is $1 for fossil fuels, but then the half dollar for clean energy. If we want to reach our target, this ratio of one to 1.5 should be one to nine. So big increase in clean energy investment, and which makes it even more difficult. The growth of the Clean Energy Investment need to come from the developing countries. Their cost of capital for clean energy technologies is about six, seven times higher than US or Europe and as well as in this is the nerve center of all the problem. How because I believe money and the clean energy projects in Europe and in us if it were 55 at the end they will meet but what are we going to do in the emerging countries and I believe advanced economies have two reasons to support to the Clean Energy Financing developing countries, number one, one tonne of co2 going into the atmosphere, from Detroit, or from Jakarta, or from New York or from Marseille, here's the same effect on everybody. You can do whatever you want at home, it doesn't change. If the emissions come from us as well. You can bring to UK emissions, you'd have emissions to zero, you will not be able to protect yourself from climate change impacts if Indonesia and other countries go longer. So first analogical reason. And second, the other drivers why they should invest have a clear interest in developing countries moral reason, the climate change is an issue of concentration of carbon in the atmosphere. And the about 80% of this carbon in the atmosphere are put in the put there by the adverse economists 100 years. So they have a moral reason to clean it up as well, for two reasons, I believe, would it be worth bank reform, the RFIs and so on, they have to advance this one thing I have to congratulate Joseph here. He did an excellent job for Europe, if we are still here. Enjoy the warmth. This year, the temperature and the Lasser on well done, Joseph, the temperature the winter, warm me to help you a bit. We should be honest. But I just want to do a good job. Martin come in here and Patti lopatic. Comment. Okay, thank you so much for coming to you. I just want to make a point about Martin, what you said about it won't be optimized, I appreciate that. But I also think that there's a tradition and The historical investment in technology. And even in California, the early investment in wind resources when they weren't popular and weren't economically viable, have then made it possible for wind to be developed around the world as well. And so over time, I agree wholeheartedly that there's the the wealthier nations can start the engines of progress and of innovation. And Vicki, I think what you said, I'm so excited about your work, and what you're doing with carbon capture, that will create the possibility for developing nations to access that technology in time. And as you said, there's where we fix it, it has a positive impact. And in whatever sequence, we do it. So let's go ahead and let the innovation occur. And I just think there's such an opportunity to adapt, enable and accelerate. So we're adapting with hardening our infrastructure, whether we're undergrounding our power lines, or building a more resilient distributed energy system that is more secure for people to have power when and where they want it. But we're also enabling in the in the IRA, and the earlier legislation that was passed, it's enabled the extension of nuclear power plants, I have a 2200 megawatt nuclear power plant that was scheduled to close. But because of that legislation, and the support from the US government in the state of California, we're extending the life of that nuclear power plant. That's a, that's an enabling investment on the part of the federal government in the United States that has benefits globally. But then finally, to accelerate the advancement of electric transportation as a key resource back to the grid, as well as distributed micro grids. And it's an all of the above, all of us have to do all of it as fast as we can. And I think some of these economic subsidies are absolutely enabling that to happen in the larger wealthier nations so that the developing nations will then be able to access that technology affordably, yes, it's not just about providing financing. It's also about the provision of technology as well. And yesterday using it and pushing it forward. I'm a naughty girl, because I'm supposed to open it up to q&a. We've got one minute left, Martin, the floor is yours. You were waving at me to say certain things. So make it really good, my friend. So no pressure. I think the situation is incredibly clear in the sense that we sort of know where we've got to go. And we have to accelerate the speed at which we're going there multiple times, nine times at least. This will require a staggering volume of resources, a lot of very, very clever policy. And it has to be seen as a global public action program. At the first genuinely, as it were a global effort by humanity to manage the world on a war basis. That's where we are. And in this situation, to me, the most important thing is that everybody was involved. Politicians business have The sense of urgency, because so much of this is talking about things as if we had years or decays to sort all these out, we don't. And so the key is to get the urgency. And my view is, of course, they're going to spend money, a lot of it is going to be wasteful, a lot of the policies that will get through will be intensely irritating. But as long as they're pushing really, really rapidly in the main Right, right directions, we'll get there with a lot of luck. And the key things are to look at what isn't happening, or what isn't happening is we're not investing nearly enough. And too, we're not investing nearly enough above all in the places where we know that's not happening, because they don't have the money. And it's no good for us to say we don't have any money, because we're the only people who do have any in this situation. And we've got to do something. That's how it is. Yeah. And citizens, our citizens have to take responsibility. And also we have to buy some room for our politicians to make tough choices for us in the short term, that benefit is in the longer term. So I think we all have to, we all have to stand up, step up and protect our planet and our people. Factor you wanted to talk about China. Can you do it in? No, I'm being given the timeout. I've done. Lawyers have been required to not go to do another panel. Forget China. Exactly. Do it together. We're one planet. What's the issue have to be we have to understand China is the number one driver of clean energy today. All right, we got to cooperate with them, obviously. Martin optimistic to your guns. Thank you. We will cooperate 

