Madame Salonica, First Lady of Ukraine, it's a great honor to have you at our annual meeting in Davos. Thank you for coming. We know it has been a difficult journey. It's been almost a year since Russia invaded your country, sparking a war that has cost far too many Ukrainian lives. 10s of 1000s many of them civilians, many of them children, the largest refugee crisis in the 21st century, and millions internally displaced. Amid this profound crisis, Ukrainians have stood strong in common costs, galvanized by the leadership of President Solinsky. And yourself, Madam First Lady, it has inspired many around the world and in this room. Madam sanskaar, since the beginning of the war, you have been an ambassador and advocates for your country and his people. You have been a powerful voice in global capitals, and have worked tirelessly to address the human impact of the war, helping people access health care, mental care, education and other resources they need during this difficult time. Your leadership is ensuring Ukraine and Ukrainians are stronger today, and are on the path for even a stronger tomorrow. We are very eager to hear from you on what lies ahead, Madame sanskaar, the floor is yours. Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentleman. What's on the forums. So without any the Good morning, ladies and gentleman, representatives of the world, we're here today in Europe, in Switzerland, in Davos. Last con, at least take a look at this whole skill to see the number and the kind of people here, skill, ie the number and the kind of the people who will be taking part in the events of this forum leader, the heads of states, all the chiefs of international organizations, business leaders, economists, prominent economists, public figures, journalists and scientists, look at my lunch. People have influence for entire industries, for nations, and for the world as a whole. You're all united by the fact that you are really very influential leaders too. But there's also something that separates you are some NFC, and that is that not all of you are using this influence, which has some power some time. Sometimes you use it in a way that divides even more. Because that was before from meetings such as that that was forum where it exists. Because deep inside we all believe that there is no global problem, that the humanity that the mankind would not be able to resolve, we have enough energy and strength for it. The sum of our combined influence is bigger than the weight of existing challenges. But for there to be a sum we need to do add its components, its parts, and that's global cooperation. And it is all the more important right now when Russia's aggression in Europe makes various challenges facing the world and wraps them into one large scale crisis. We are facing the threat of a collapse of a world as we know it doesn't look the way that we are accustomed to it or to what we aspire. What can we live in a world where tanks are allowed to to strike out nuclear power stations? Sure, good. Let's see what will happen to inflation when state borders start to collapse and the integrity of countries will be trampled on by those who wanted? What will happen to the cost of living when millions, not millions, but 10s of millions of people will be forced to flee. mass, mass starvation and will become refugees tortured the safety? How does the world want to achieve climate neutrality? If so far, it hasn't even stopped the burning of entire cities in Ukraine. This is what Russia is doing with its artillery, with its missiles with Iranian drones. And you know, that the Russian aggression was never intended to restrict itself to the Ukrainian borders, this work and go further, and it make crisis wider if the aggressor does not lose. In other words, if the sum of our influence does not outweigh the aggression, when you, ladies and gentlemen, my husband, the President of Ukraine, when he addressed the leaders of 19, states who are economically the most powerful, offered down unto the whole world, the formula about how we can become the most powerful in peacekeeping. It's a 10 point plan. It's 10 points about how we outweigh the Russian aggression, and how we prevent existing regional and global crisis from converging into one full scale, full on global crisis. I want to emphasize that these points are not purely political, each one of them has a tangible, human dimension, even this dimension of parents who are crying in an ICU, where doctors are trying to fight for the life of the Wounded Child, a boy whose family was shot by the occupiers as they were trying to evacuate. This is the dimension of farmers who are afraid to go back to the fields, because the mites have been scattered all over these fields by the occupiers. This is a dimension of people who have lost their homes and are forced to seek shelter wherever they can be accepted. I asked you to look at the need to stop this aggression, exactly like this was the eyes of the people whose lives have been brought into chaos by the aggressor country. When we talk about the peace formula, when we talk about radiation, nuclear safety, what we mean is that we cannot allow a new Chernobyl to happen, we do not want children somewhere in the world, to be forced to learn how to protect themselves from radiation disease, Formula One and the peace formula, we talk about food security, what we mean is that there's a right to food that every human being has, and it's an insult for mankind and for human nature itself that in the 21st century, it is possible for us to have mass starvation, simply because because there's a targeted aggression because of some country. When we talk about energy security, we mean that no child in the world should have to do their homework by candlelight, like children in Ukraine are doing that no doctor would have to perform surgeries in the light of flashlights as recently in cave on leave the man and I believe, for me, the most painful point of the formula is the release of all prisoners and deportes. These 1000s upon 1000s of Ukrainians who have been deported to Russia and who are being lied to that no one is going to help. They're not the only ones being tortured, their families are also tortured by uncertainty. These are also 1000s of children that we must protect from the dissolution of their bond with their motherland, which is exactly what Russia is doing when they when it boots up 1000s of Ukrainian children by for adoption by Russian families. This is not just an attempt by Russia, to wipe the memory of these children about who they are. It's a crime, against the very sense of parenthood against the primeval bond between the mother and the child on father and child. Because not everyone has a right to life. So a separate point of the Beast formula is the withdrawal of Russian troops from the entire sovereign territory of Ukraine, and thus, guaranteed cessation of hostilities and Dara, by the occupiers against Ukrainians. This will restore the force of international law on the UN Charter purely from the human point of view, in these occupied territories. Now, these are people in this territories who have been torn apart from their families and they're waiting for liberation. And while they're waiting, millions of people are experiencing the fear and the rush of repression. Another point of the formula is justice Jehovah This is what the dignity of each person that died under the rubble of his or her own home demands of us. It's what children and adults have lost their limbs because of Russian strike strikes demand of us, everyone who was trying to survive in the basement of Mario ball while the Russian shells and bombs were evaporating their city, everyone who was yearning for salvation and Bucha hiding from Russian execution as justice is needed so that no one in the world would ever think that war crimes and genocidal policies go unpunished. It's not what the living and the dead Ukrainians need is needed by the world because no one should think that this violence can be repeated again, causing the peace formula return security not only to people, if you've seen the scorched earth, from the Russian strikes, the burned forests, the closed off areas, because of the 1000s of minds, we can see what kind of a traumatized environment we can leave to the next generations. And I constantly tried to convey that in Ukraine, there is no place which is completely safe. And unfortunately, also you can't take a day off from war doesn't mean you book Rohini. Everyone who is now in Ukraine has to risk his or her life every day. There's nothing off limits for Russia as we speak. In our city of New prod, people are still working on working on sorting through the debris of a residential area of a house that was destroyed by an anti ship missile. This missile was built to destroy aircraft carriers and was used against the civilian infrastructures that this morning we heard about 43 casualties when we since we started this forum, it grew to 43 casualties. These were people ordinary people at home on a Saturday. And that's enough reason for Russia to kill some of them. And that's why the ninth point of our formula is about guaranteed non escalation is China. And of course, at some point, we have to pronounce an end to this war, not only so we have a date, so that we can reset the time and start counting peace time. Because B does not equal a truce. It's so that our people can return home who are scattered around the world right now so that our fathers or mothers, sons and daughters can return from the frontline for families to reunite the families that were torn apart by war. Ladies and gentlemen, unity is what brings peace back to Whitney Young chestnut comm th Justin and today I would like to hand it over to my colleagues that my counterparts of the forum letters from the President of Ukraine to Mr. Alon of our said, the President of the Swiss Confederation to Mrs. Ursula von der Leyen, the President of the European Commission, and also a letter addressed to policies in paeonian to Mr. Xi Jinping, the head of the People's Republic of China, I hand it over to Mr. Liu, head of the Vice Premier of the State Council of China. There's an old saying, if people come together, they can move even mountain Cha. Tae Shan shine, as we believe that the world will unite for peace. Ukraine has already received answers some positive answers from many of heads of states about the readiness to work together on the peace formula this year, may not become the year of the polar crisis that we hear about. If it becomes a year of the Ukrainian peace formula, which will come true. Thank you, Lord Ukraine 

