Good morning, everyone. I'm Matthew Kaminski. I'm the editor in chief of Politico. And good to have you this morning to discuss the defense of Europe. On a small personal note, I started off 30 years ago as a journalist in Vilnius. Looking at the Baltics, spent next three years in Ukraine, they went to the Balkans at the time, it seemed like we were settling a lot. There were some certainties that were put in place, and much has changed. But there is so much uncertain right now. Europe is in the midst. It's entering its second year of the biggest ground war. Since World War Two. The Balkans seem like everything is not right there. A lot of question marks over the future of the Western alliance. We have a terrific panel this morning. To try and talk through these these these challenges. With Poland with the leaders of Poland and Lithuania are two countries that have led the way in the West's response to Ukraine. We are the leader of the Belarusian opposition, and Belarus has played a very central role here and as a very central piece, in this insert of deciding what kind of Europe what kind of Europe, where we have on the eastern flank. Portugal's one of the founding members of the North Atlantic Alliance, and the leader of North Macedonia, which is in a region which had caused a lot of trouble in the 90s. And I guess we're also is now part of the thinking about what kind of Europe we have going forward. Now. I want to start maybe, since it is morning, maybe with a couple of quick round questions for this group to get us going. And in a sentence or two, I want to ask each of you in these grim times, what is the one thing that makes you hopeful we can start with President Duda. Makes us hopeful hopeful the one thing that gives you hope this year when thinking about the future of Europe, the defensive Euro absurd will never exist for a long time. In my opinion, so this is this situation is This is absurd? Yes. This is hard to it was hard to imagine that 70 years after the second world war years, we will have war in Central Europe. In full scale. This is something ridiculous. And that was very was very, it was very hard to believe when we received before the Warriors all this this secret information. tallying that that? They that we would expect a full scale Russian invasion against Ukraine? Yes. And Ukraine will probably survive no more than 72 hours. Yes. And, you know, it's that was something that I was. I remember I was counting those 1000s of Russian military units. Yes. And soldiers. Is it possible? Yes. If you if you if you take into account the the general number of Russian military forces Yes. And and and you have the the information that put in gathers some part of his military forces around Ukraine Yes. One 160,100 70,000 Is it enough to invade whole? Ukraine? Yes. If you if you take into account and this is a country two times bigger than Poland, Poland is 312,000 square kilometers. Yes, Ukraine is two times bigger. Yes, it's more than 600,000. Is it possible that they will occupy Kaminsky set a sentence or two please? So what's what's that's hopefully, it's very clean. It's not. I don't want to I don't want to I'm sorry. It's too early morning. I don't want I don't want to speak about it about hope. Yes. I'm very happy that Ukrainians are so brave. And a day before the invasion few hours before the invasion when we visited we both visited Kyiv. With, with with with President gitanas. Now said I, as we talked with Volodymyr Zelensky, he said to me, Andre, we are really ready. He said to me, we are really ready and end to end and, and, and and we will never survive. We will never, we will never. We're never surrender. President I've said what I would like to stress few moments. First off, again, a couple sentences. I try my best. First of all, they're successful for Ukrainian military forces in the battlefields. I remember our first meeting after the war broke out on February 25, in European Council, and there was direct connection with Volodymyr Zelensky. And you know, that mood was that maybe it will continue one or two weeks but not longer. And now be already approach, one year anniversary terrible anniversary, but one year anniversary of this war. The second issue is despite our some disagreements, the stay united a, I'm talking about European Union, and also other like minded countries. And you see the past already in mind packages of sanctions, sometimes they have certain exemptions that take trying to take into account the specificities of some countries. But even having quite a difficult situation, we are able to stay united and this unity is productive, they have two kinds of unity unity, which is just had cannot produce anything and unity, which is still productive, it leads us to the decisions. So those two moments, I think they are very important. And if they will be able to increase the support to Ukraine, first of all, military military sense of this word, I think the victory will be there. And this is not so long way to go. Super Penderecki. Two sentences, yes. You know, the situation is completely desperate. Speaking about European continent, we have multiplying crisis, simply reinforcing each other. There is no too much room for hope. But I will take the solidarity being shown on the unprecedented levels among the European partners, and transatlantic bond with which has been never stronger in decades. I will take the hope from last year as the point of departure for hope for this year. Thank you. Again, as for me, I think that unity of democratic countries and decisiveness of countries gives me hope. And I know that, for example, since they have already ripe for democratic changes in our country, and they will stand for this changes till the end. And I'm grateful that there are such leadership, as Polish leadership and leadership that show example for other countries how to deal when the enemy is knocking to your doors. So I'm really grateful for opportunity for Belarusians to participate in this new security check architecture of our region. And I hope that not on the politicians, but ordinary people realize that a lot depends on them. And they open the doors and they hearts for all those who are looking for defense who are looking for support. Perfect, Mr. Boehner, you come from the other side of the continent, peaceful side, but I'm going to say more or less the same ideas that the from the east. So coming from the south, the hope comes from this sense of unity and this unity of purpose, unity around our values, our European values that are blue realism, diversity, rule of law, reject of the war as a man as a way of settling disputes. And we are all looking towards the future. Our future is European integration and these European values and we are rejecting those that look toward the past a very dark past in Europe, the spheres of influence is walls, fences. So this is the real you know, I was going to ask as a follow up quick round question. What worries you the most. But I think we got from all of you kind of a sort of hint of the worries, you did all speak about the unity of the Alliance and the unified response. And not to put it to negative light on this. But I wonder, again, very quickly, where's the weak link? What Where do you think that how can this be undermined? Where what are you most worried about in terms of that unity? Staying in in place? Starting? Yes, I, I'm not afraid that this unity will be broken. I think that both in the Ukrainian crisis, and before in the COVID crisis, we have realized that the bed method is doing things together. And if we compare this and how we tackle the crisis in 2008, the financial crisis that took 10 years to get out, we have all realize that being united being together, we get better to the crisis, we get out of the crisis faster, and in better shape, leaving less people behind. So the only thing that worries me those within is that outside, there is someone that thinks in an old fashion, that war and violence is a way to impose your ideas, and to settle political disputes. Maybe another way to put it to you like how would this what is your worst case scenario for this year? I? I sort of what let me ask you what your neighbor? Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, what really, I mean, again, I think all of you give a sense of, you know, there is resilience among the allies. But what worries you the most. So of course, I'm going to describe your ideal scenario. At the moment, I'm sure that Ukrainians with the assistance and help of democratic countries will win this war. And there will be changes, hopefully, in Russian administration. And so as we know that the connect the fate of Ukraine and Belarus are intertwined, so I'm sure that the victory of Ukraine will be a new window of opportunities for some people to apprise again, and to get rid of this dictatorship. So Belarus and Ukraine will be free. And we will become a part of European family of countries and we have in Belarus, we'll build democracy in Ukraine, they will restore the status again with the help of the world. And everybody will be happy. unusually bright view from from from that are part of the reality. And I understand that they can be different scenarios, but we help have to be prepared for everything. No, I have no concerns that the newly found unity and solidarity, not only Pan European, but transatlantic will not hold this year, it will hold but to be realistic, and to be honest with everybody in the public with you. I'm a bit concerned whether that will hold one the war in Ukraine is over. Of course, everybody would like that war to stop today. But, you know, the logic of the states, those are called the national interests of the states has always been for centuries and centuries, to take a look of your backyard. If we are going again towards giving priority to the national interests of the states, then these newly found unity and solidarity will be on why it is necessary, after the war, when you have in Ukraine is over why it is really necessary, critical even to hold this unity and solidarity transatlantic bond, because you're we're seeing throughout the world, in some of the biggest countries in the world, that the authoritarian tendencies are on the rise. If democracies are not getting together, sticking together, respecting the same values and fighting for them, sometimes literally fighting for them, then the autocracy will prevail. We have said last year when this war in Ukraine started well before that in the lose that this is, in essence, the dilemma and battle between democracies and autocracies and outright dictatorship in the part of on the part of the Russian Federation today. So we have to be in the full unity and full solidarity after the war in Ukraine is over, that is necessary for the better world. President I said that this book is very sort of at a higher level. I wonder when you're thinking about the things that sort of concern you Is there anything more immediate or or sort of specific that that maybe comes to your mind? I will start first of all from saying that I am strong believer that Ukraine We'll have this victory and it will be very good on victory for Ukraine itself. But for all of us, too, but worries me. You know, Putin realized that he was absolutely wrong by calculating the sum assumptions of this war, but he's desperate to. And it means that he is able to concentrate all the efforts and resources of big country, a Russian Federation, ignoring economic and social needs of the society. This is the specific feature of the totalitarian regimes that they can ignore the needs of the people and to bring anything on the altar of the war. And this is one issue. The second issue is that, yes, I have some concern that lesson societies can be derived from this war, because we have already some, some some features or some signs have tried to lessen societies, first of all, because of high inflation, inflation of energy resources. And the are not so used to the inflation rate like 10% 15%, on or in some countries 20%. And it means that having the democratic rules of game in our country's politicians will be just will spend more attention to these issues, too. But I think there is one possible outcome from this puzzle or solution of this puzzle, we have to stay united. And we have to take all the decisions which are oriented towards reduction of dependence on Russian energy resources. My country's very good example. We started very early because we never had any illusions regarding Russian regime. So this gets me started to prepare ourselves about 2025 years ago. And now the the beer, the fruits of this actions. And these efforts, we were able to cut off all the ties with Russian energy resources, one year ago. And I think this is very important to do at the European Union level. We started we started why successfully, but we have to continue because some countries are still dependent, they are exposed to the Russian blackmailing, especially energy grab blackmailing. And this is very important to break, break up this this dependence, chance for a one word answer even and then I want to come back to you with a more specific question that will require more, what is the weak link in the West response to Ukraine? There has been one message from Ukraine since the beginning of the war. This is what Volodymyr Zelensky told us at the beginning, on the phone, you know, that I, at the beginning of the war, I talked with him practically every day, even few times a day on the phone. And he he and he and there is one and there has been one message, weapons, weapons, and once again, weapons, we need weapons, we need military support. And this is the this is the this is the most important element of of this, of this game. Yes. If we sand if we still, if we still send a lot of military equipment for for the defenders of Ukraine, cutting edge military equipment, they they they they they still have this, this this potential to stop Russians. So I think you've answered the question but the weak link, but indirectly and let me maybe it's actually was leading to my follow up, which is tomorrow. Chancellor Schultz is speaking here. Germany, you know, the UK has just been the first country to send tanks to Ukraine. The US is talking about sending the Abrams tanks. What do you expect or hope out of this week? Will Germany send the leopard tanks? What might happen at this Ramstein meeting of Defence Ministers later this week in terms of arming have we turned the corner in terms of giving the Ukrainians more offensive weapons or or not? together five days ago I announced our decision as about about earlier about tanks. Yes. One company of Leo up our tanks, it's about 14 tanks. We really decided to send it to Ukraine, but we hope and and we are trying to organize a bigger support for Ukraine. So we hope that there is a few partners few allies who will who will who will give tanks to Ukraine lay up our tanks, Challenger tanks from from Great Britain. Yes. And and so, so, we go that producer of that bank statement will also will also participate in in this in my opinion very, very, very good idea. I was asked by Vodafone scheme for that for that military support few times he said to me, Andrew, we need we need modern tanks. Because because it's it's it's it's the only way we need to stop the Russian invasion. Now. They we sent to Ukraine. Our crop harvesters, yes. Very modern and very efficient. We sent to Ukraine more than 260 our tanks but but old one. But all tanks. We had those tanks. From from from from USSR. Yes. And and but but that is but that moment it was half a half a year ago. Yeah. It was in March, as I remember. They needed those tanks in that moment. That was that was immediate need. And and and and and so we decided to send this, this this. You know, it was it was it was more it was more that we afford was more than that, then we afford? We we hadn't those tanks in our reserves that was done that those tanks or we we we we took those tanks out of our military units as regular military units. But but but but but but we understood that that this is that this is this is the this is this as you know, issue of the of the of of this really that this is that is that this decision? That was that was the very difficult moment because Russian military forces you remember they were around practically around cave. So that was that was very difficult. Time for for for defenders of Ukraine. We decided to censor that that was an practically that was the beginning of the of the big military support for, for for for for Ukraine. And and so so we hope that this time that this decision that we announced that we are we are sending our our earlier parts to Ukraine will start a new chapter in this in this military in this military assets to talking to the US about sending your mix to Ukraine and getting sort of the FA teens or 30 fives in return or is that sort of a dead issue for now? And it's very complicated. Okay. So please, we should switch off the cameras. Speaking Mr. Bueno. I've got a, you know, from from a Native perspective and country further away. How much more do you think the Alliance should be providing in terms of military hardware to Ukraine? I think that the the unity of all Europeans have of Europeans with our natural transatlantic allies. So the United States is out of question, but it must be very clear. And this is also an important part of what is going to be at the stake this this year that this is bloodiness Putin's war. Neither NATO nor European Union no any European country has won in this war, or is at war against Russia. Because sometimes in Europe, and in this panel, we'll know where we are talking about that. Last week, I traveled to Western Sub Saharan Africa the week before I was in Latin America, things don't seem that clear. Sometimes it seems like this is Russia, against the Western world, we must keep remembering NATO is not a part of this war. President Solinsky and Ukraine didn't want this war and didn't do anything to deserve this war. This is Russia's war. So, so far, the political support comes from all allies, but the weapons comes from European Union, and from European Union countries. And I think it is very important to make these things clear, because otherwise, we can lose a lot of partners around the world. That's a very good point. And President now said, I kind of curious to you. You know, that's that sort of speaks to some divisions within the Alliance about how far to go, obviously, I wonder how you've managed those divisions, since you're obviously in the more the avant garde in terms of trying to push the lines forward. You know, we are not a big country, of course, but we started to support Ukraine militarily, and we feel the example how decisive it can be. And we started to deliver stingers to Ukraine, even two weeks before the war started. And this was our strong commitment and absolute unity in our society, I have to stress this factor too. Because in Lithuania, 99.9% of the population, strongly support Ukraine, and this in such an environment, it's very easy to take the decisions, tough decisions. But sometimes, yes, we I have the impression that somebody has to take the first move, like with in the story with the tanks, I like to play chess. So in chess, you have to check the move, and then others will follow. So somebody has to take this leadership to take the decision in order to support Ukraine, because the tanks become very strategic factor of this war, especially now, having in mind this positional war in the eastern part of the country. So when we're the answer, do you think Chancellor Schultz will greenlight the paper, I strongly believe that counselor false will decide on this. And I was a witness of a very important break point or turning point in the thinking or mentality of Germany. By the way, one more witness was prime minister of Poland, Mr. Morawiecki, and we visited Berlin, and at that time, Germans decided that instead of providing humanitarian aid, they decided to deliver rapids. It was first that important qualitative moment in the decision making of Germany. And now that we are in the situation there, there is more commitment needed stronger commitment needed to deliver armored vehicle vehicles, tanks to Ukraine and hope very much that our strong ally will do this. Let me just change tack if you don't mind. I want to ask President to kind of stay if the elections were confirmed as I guess a lot of us love people in the West hope. What is your reading of of where Lukashenko is right now? And do you expect that he would or Putin would open that Northern Front from from Belarus so first of all, when you are asking our panelists about weapon I feel a bit as Ellen here because we are experts and people who under repressions for two and half years already, we can't give high marks or craps to Ukrainian people. But the most of the population of Belarus are for Ukraine. We don't want to become enemies because of awful decisions of illegitimate Lukashenka. We are supporting Ukrainians as we can with information. When the walker started our railway partisans disrupted railways to slow down equipment, Russian equipment go into Ukraine via our volunteers spread information inside Belarus, what's going on, in reality, but now we are in such a position where And Bill's unexpectedly four people became quite aggressive in this one. Because we've got Shang chi is maybe the only ally to Putin, he has to be loyal he provided our country as a launchpad for missiles for training of Russian soldiers. And I have to say that Belarusian army is not loyal to Lukashenka. They don't want to die or to be killed on the cranial battlefields for the ambitions of tourism purpose. They don't want our nation's Ukrainian persons to become enemies. And Lukashenka knows this. And that's why he's so insecure about sending bills and troops to Ukraine, because our soldiers even if they are sent, they could change the size, they could defect they could hide or whatever. But you know, Luca is welcoming all the Russian troops or the Russian equipment and for sure, Barrows can be again and again used as aircraft Korea. For Russians, the presence of Russian troops, the number is about 12,000 people at the moment is for threatening Belarusian people, to control Belarusian people and to distract the attention of Ukrainian troops from hotspots in the east to Northern side. I know that Ukrainians are prepared for possible land attacks from the side of bureaus, but our task is to prevent such invasion. We are working very thoroughly with the our the Russian army explaining what's going on because they must make they might be misinformed about this. So this internal internal explanation is very important in this issue. So we want the world to divide Lukashenka regime and builders and people and to preceptors differently. So one last question I want to pose and then I'm going to open up to the floor. So please think about maybe things you you would want to ask. Present Penderecki we haven't talked about the Balkans that much but there is some sort of Easter notice in this, you know, lower down on the table. Two days from now about the world. Tell me quickly how much How worried should we be about what is going on in Mitra visa? What's coming out of Banja Luka? I mean, you're one of the newest members of NATO. And this obviously was a major preoccupation for the Lions in the 90s, early 2000s. short overview, we have two fragile points or hotspots, if you like from times to times in the Western Balkan region, this is a Republic of Srpska within Bosnia and Herzegovina and north of the Republic of Kosovo. What Putin's regime is doing is four years back, not only since the war Ukraine started, but four years back, he is trying to provoke the people there in order to disrupt the integrity of these two countries. But realistically speaking, in the past year or so, Russian propaganda, fake news, political propaganda, hybrid threats, that kind of attacks, has not intensified, because Putin's regime is fully preoccupied to counter the Western Allies, because of the war in Ukraine. But local actors, some of them who are not quite happy with the so called Peace Agreements, being reached in the 90s are doing that part of the job. And they are from time to time provoking, broken with inflammatory rhetoric, then some disturbances in these two countries. My guessing he is and my judgment is that if Russia will try to deflect somehow the attention of the West, again, from Ukraine, which is the main theme to war and propaganda, of course, that the Balkan or the Western Balkan region is more prone to that than Baltics. So we should take care about that as an alliance as a NATO Alliance. And then, as a member states of the European Union are candidates for membership in the European Union? Because it seems to me that the so called soft spots in the whole Pan European security architecture, right now, apart from Ukraine, of course, and that danger coming from Kremlin. This direction is Western Balkan, who's the key player here? EU, NATO or the US, United States with due respect to everybody else? And I've heard the Minister of Spain speaking about the European Portugal saying sorry, it was it was Portugal. We shared a very opinions when I love my, my Portuguese colleague, but then still the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Speaking about Europe, only the European countries, it was very shortly just to train a bit more yet said that you're only European countries are giving weapons to Ukraine. The most of the pens with respect to everybody of us my country North Macedonia is among the top five contributors in the military hardware to Ukraine but the United States of America is leading the field. Any questions from the from the audience? And please post it as a question and do introduce yourself. I am part of the Global Shapers community, the web's youth delegation. You've all expressed your confidence in Ukraine winning the war. But my question to you is what needs to happen for Ukraine to win? Can Ukraine win with Putin in office? Or does there needs to be a change if the Russian leadership and how ready? You are? Sorry? No, no, no, we don't. We don't mention that Ukraine will win this war. We mentioned that Ukraine will not lose this war. Ukraine will win this war. Okay, the second question. Then the question is for peace to come back to Europe, then. Does there need to be a leadership change in Russia? And how far are you ready to go to push for that? Thank you. That's a really good question. I wonder who who wants to dress regime change in Moscow to make Europe this a place for us this this will go in parallel. They're more successful Ukraine is in the battlefields. Their higher the probability that something will happen incrementally, because sooner or later, it will lead to the mistrust in the closest ally among the closest allies of Vladimir Putin. And yes, I cannot ignore or I cannot neglect this possibility that something might happen in Kremlin. And it would mean the end of the war to I have no illusions that it will be a democratic government, replacing the demon Putin. Probably the will be a long transitional period ahead. And nobody knows what will be the outcome. But probably it would lead to the resolution of this crisis in Ukraine. But the second scenario of very important and evident victories in the battlefields is possible to so they both scenarios, I think, likely and probably now, it would be not serious to try to forecast because those forecasts would be not very credible. To try to forecast which scenario we will go with question back there, and then we'll go over here. My name is Bob Kraft. I'm the editor in chief of sudachi. Title in Germany. President Duda you mentioned you were talking about the delivery of tanks labor to Ukraine, as you we follow in Germany, the very skeptical, rejected attitude of Chancellor all of Shultz up to now. And he's hesitating. Why do you think that he will change his attitude and allow or endorse the delivery of Elio for two tanks now? Two reasons, sir. One reason Germany is a part of the of the NATO alliance and and if there is a situation that few allies are ready to give their tanks to Ukraine, it's it's important moment. And the second is that, as I see the pressure of political German political stage and and German public opinion is it is becoming stronger and stronger and stronger. So I, I hope that the result of all that and LM man's the older elements will result in this very, very, very, very needed decision. Hmm, TV and Brussels since you already answered my question goes to President Noseda. Just the other way around. Do you have any understanding why Germany when Chancellor Schultz is so reluctant to be more decisive? You made such a strong case, why tanks should be delivered? Do you understand why Germany is hesitant? And the other question gets goes to this Spanish foreign minister. Spain was among the first countries to propose to send low powered tanks to Ukraine. Back in summer, if they're was a decision right now to send them were Spain also sending thanks. Thank you. I will try to answer very shrewdly. Yes, we have 27 members of European Union, but the attitude of the society to what is happening in Ukraine is is quite different. I could name again the example of my country, I could not, I cannot even imagine that, for example, some demonstrations against the support to Ukraine could take place in my country, probably they will not collect 200 people in my country. But I understand also that situation in some other countries is different. And President Duda mentioned that the attitude of German society society is changing, but still be cannot ignore the reality that still the attitude or the mood of German society is absolutely different comparing with the Lithuania. So this is the reason why politicians have to take into account this situation. And sometimes Citic explains that some decisions in some very important countries of European Union and NATO come later than we all expect. And they would Vish. So this is a reason why why we see some delay in the decision making. And they have to tell you, honestly, it's a pity because every day of this war costs a lot. Not to us, not so much to us. For us, it's it's just means that probably energy resources are more expensive, but it's it's been comparing them with the suffering of Ukraine and nations. So every day brings more casualties, more destroyed, houses, infrastructure. And so what someone, so we have not, we don't have the luxury to do for such delays, and decision making must be decisive fast. And it would lead to the faster victory in this world. There is a very important meeting of ministers of defense in a few days where important decisions will be made. And we like to do things together and united because we think that that's the best tool to bring peace to Ukraine. That possibility is not on the table as we're speaking today. But the way Spain is behaving in this Ukrainian war is a detailed state, we do what we think is the best to help Ukrainians to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity and to bring peace the fastest as possible to the country. To our country's spent almost 45 years behind the Iron Curtain. So we know Russians very well. And there is one, there is one answer in Poland in Lithuania in in Ukraine rule scheme here. No, thank you. I'm coming from from Washington. Let me ask you a very parochial Washington kind of question to this group of European leaders. How concerned are you about some of the noises coming out of the surprisingly, I guess if you look at the history of American foreign policy of of the Republican Party, which is calling a doubt support for Ukraine, kind of here's how closely are you even following that. Name is probably Ukraine, but actually support for the allies, the previous presidents at NATO, you know, we are really far away from Washington, DC, but geographically speaking, but politically, we are following that closely. I am not seeing very strong signals that within the Republican Party, these voices are so pretty well, and so to say, then, it seems to me that the bipartisan support within the Washington DC towards the war in Ukraine is unprecedented. If you're living there, you're coming from United States. Then tell me any other issue which the Americans or political parties to the mean, of them are so unified around. There is no any other single issue. So on the issue of Ukrainian war in Ukraine or Russian invasion Ukraine, they are I think 90% unified and is going to hold. So yeah, this is a matter of concern. Of course. We are also closely watching what is happening there, but I think we have to decide to just by looking at what the United States government is doing, the United States government is doing a lot. And I expect that there will be bold decisions taken in NATO Summit which will take place in Vilnius this time in July. And we have very high expectations that it will be not only the summit dedicated to the our own security, but also the summit dedicated to the security of Ukraine, meaning that they will find some formulas or algorithms regarding the expectations of Ukraine to integrate closer to the to the NATO to so far of course, I cannot any expect it I cannot say that, we will discuss the full fledged membership of Ukraine and NATO. But we have to find some new expressions or or or or sentences, just giving the hope to our friends and Ukraine. Because every time to repeat what we already said in Bucharest summit in 2008, decrypt the doors open. It's not enough anymore. And we got this message very clearly with President Duda. Then we gathered in a wave, okay. Please don't tell us that the door is open because we cannot find these door vases door. When when should not not when will Ukraine join NATO? Do you think? Ban? Yeah, give me a date. Please. Give me race. More simple questions. But I believe that is it's possible in few years time. But having in mind that it will be a very committed to grant this status to Ukraine, like we did in European Union. I have in mind candidate status to Ukraine to but it will depend very much on the success of Ukraine and this word, one word, one word question to you when we were the regime of Lukashenka for I can't answer. I don't know such prognosis. But I think that we all have to do everything possible for this happen as soon as possible. And on behalf of others and people and I will dare to say on behalf of Ukrainians that we are grateful to all the countries that are supporting us in our difficult paths to democratic changes to our serenity and independency. And long live Belarusian Glorieta, Ukraine. Last word to you and we're over time so I'm I always say we have to support Ukraine. This is this is the most important element, of course, and the United States. They they have the the key the crucial role in in that process. Yes. But But But But you you shouldn't underestimate the role of the rest of the of the NATO alliance, because it's much easier for American authorities for the President Biden and the members of American administration to send next supplies military supplies for Ukraine. And if if if if they can if they can say okay, but but but but we help with the rest of the NATO Yes. Because Poland send military military support to Ukraine, and this is more than $2 billion Yes. It's it's it's it's a huge money for the country like Poland. I don't know. Great Britain sand. Tremendous military support. to Ukraine. Yes. And, and, and, and even Lithuania, Lithuania is a small country but but they sent practically all their what's the figures? All your fingers? Yeah. All your fingers? Yes, that there was a moment we sent practically all our Thunderbolt, you know, this, this kind of weapon is against the aircraft. And so so so it's really difficult situation and we understand that but and, and, and this military support for Ukraine is a crucial element of this, of this, of how to how to solve this difficult situation. Super, thank you. That note thanks to all the leaders for for coming that this morning. Thank you so much. 

