Prime Minister Mitsotakis pleasure to have you on thank you for it. So I want people to remember that Greece was the country that everyone was worried was going to bring Europe down, bring the Euro down, was really seen as a kind of sick man of Europe. And you're in a very different position. Now, the economist says you are one of the economic winners in the in the winner list. What happened? Well, I think it is, indeed, a very interesting story of an economic transformation. We came into power in July 2019. And we inherited the country and an economy that was still traumatized, not just as a result of financial crisis, but also traumatized from our experiment with with populism, which essentially unnecessarily prolonged the crisis for four additional years. And we came into power with a very clear commitment to restore Greece to a high growth trajectory, by implementing what I would consider common sense reforms, lowering the tax base, making the country more attractive for foreign direct investment, making sure that we digitize our sort of rather opaque and antiquated bureaucracy, while at the same time behaving in a responsible manner, in terms of our obligations towards climate. So we had from the very beginning, a very aggressive approach on the issues of the green transition. And in spite of the fact that we had to deal with multiple crisis, I think we've succeeded in turning the country around. And if I look at the image of Greece today, and I compare it to three years ago, when I was again at Davos, pitching my story at the time at the beginning of our term, then I sensed interest, but also skepticism. Now we have the facts to support the argument that we have in the turn the corner, that Greece is no longer the sick man of Europe, and that we're actually leading Europe on numerous fronts when it comes to innovative public policy. And this, of course, gives us strength and energy as we move into our election cycle to make a case that we should be given the opportunity to govern the Greek Greece for four more years. Are you going to go into election now? At some point in the spring? Yeah. Let's talk some of the numbers Greece's growth rate now, I mean, 5.6%, for 2020 to 8.4%. In 2021, I expected growth, the closer to 2% than 1%, in 2023. And we may even surprise on the upside. But I think equally important numbers of foreign direct investment record years 2120 record year again 2022. And we did that without compromising our fiscal sustainability priority. So if you look at debt to GDP, we've had the fastest decline of debt to GDP than any other European country, to the point where no one talks about the Greek debt being an issue. No one talks about Greek banks being an issue. I remember when we came into power, we had NPS at 40% of the bank's balance sheets. Now it's single digits. So all of these, there were many clouds, and they seem to have they seem to have cleared, which gives us also room to to plan for the future without being in constant crisis management mode. The green transition is also quite impressive. At this point, what percentage of Greece's electricity is produced from renewables with close to 50%. And their days, today, for example, is a lovely day back in Greece. sunny, windy, without not too hot, not too cold. So we don't have many requirements and close to 90% of the electricity during the day will be produced by renewables and the word day is in October word for hours, we produced 100% of our electricity from renewables, we have 12 gigawatts of installed capacity of wind and solar and a very aggressive plan to roll out wind and solar for the for the next years. So when you look at, you know, to me that with what's interesting about the grid cases, you have a center right government, pro market, but as you say, responsible on green issues also on protecting the vulnerable. Is there a model here for how to stave off populism because I look at it, it does seem even though Biden's government has center left it there, there are similarities here. I think the main cleavages today are not so much between the center right in the center left between those who believe in in policy, pragmatism. And you know, in a well functioning democracies, and those who promise the moon while at the same time undermining democratic institutions. In our case, you're right I center right politician, but many of the policies that we've pursued could be labeled as as rather progressive and I've been making a case that the next phase of the Greek growth cannot be funded by debt. That's what we did. When the country went bankrupt in the first place, but also needs to focus on innovation on the green transition on the digital transition, but also needs to be fair. So what we've done and I think we've done successfully, was to make sure that all the support we provided our citizens and our businesses was always and is always means tested. So we resist the temptation to horizontally cut, for example, vat or excise taxes. But we do recycle, for example, windfall profits, from our two main refineries. So we take 600 million, and we recycle them into a voucher to help vulnerable households with a supermarket purchases. So I would argue that there is a template Yes. For a progressive approach, whether you label it, you know, in our case, it comes from the center, right, because we passionately believe in the power of innovation, and the strength of the of the private economy. But at the end of the day, Greece is interesting, because in this upcoming election, Greeks will compare between four years of the previous government, which was, in my mind, you know, a populist government that didn't really do the country much good and four years of our government. So if we are going to win, as I believe we, we will, it will be a vote of confidence. But I think it's also an election that should be noticed outside the borders of Greece because many democracies are struggling with similar dilemmas. So the old cleavages you know, right versus left, in my mind are no longer as relevant as a distinction between the more authoritarian populace and more pragmatic, progressive Democrats. I think this is the real dividing line today in in many Western democracies. Now, one of the things fueling populism almost everywhere in the West, and in Greece had this issue, front and center was immigration. How have you dealt with it? Why do you think that that that issue has not become as dominating as it was? I think that's a good question. Although in Greece, immigration became a big problem back in 2015, when the previous government adopted an open border policy. I'll give you an interesting statistic in 2015 75% of all illegal migrants who entered Europe entered through Greece, in 2022, that number dropped to 5%. So we've reduced our, our immigration flows by almost 90%. And we said that we will protect our borders, but we will do so in a humane manner. And I can tell you for because we do get criticism on this issue, that by protecting our borders, at land, but in particular at sea, we are putting less lives at risk, the fewer people you have in the sea trying to cross into in degrees have fewer accidents, you you will have so I think we've been good at eradicating the smuggler's networks. And if you look at our islands now, when we came to power on a single Island, Lesbos, which is a big island had 25,000 migrants and refugee refugees on that island alone, it was a part of kick, now, you know, less than 1000. So the local communities are happy. But it also gives us sort of breathing space to work more on proper integration policies, we've cleared the backlog in terms of our asylum applications. And we also tell people, if we, if you give you asylum, don't move to Europe, if you want to stay in Greece, there will be jobs in Greece, we're faced with the same labor shortage than many other countries are unemployment is coming down, it has come down by 6%. And we already have labor shortages, for example, in agriculture. So I think we have imposed the a tough, but fair migration policy. And right now, if you look at the public debate in Greece, migration is really a non issue. But there seems to be that seems to be part of the formula for a centrist pragmatic government to not allow immigration to turn into an issue. Yes, because otherwise not, because otherwise you will feel the the, you know, the the extreme right? In Greece, the way we position ourselves, is, you know, liberal and the economy progressive on social policies, but rather patriotic when it comes to foreign policy, defense, we spending more on defense, we have a difficult neighbor, I inherited a situation where our armed forces have not received any significant investments for more than than a decade. So our defense posture is important in our part of the world. So yes, I think this sort of patriotic, liberal progressive approach and you can actually do all three, I don't see any inherent ideological contradictions in what I'm describing to you. I think you have a case that you can actually appeal outside the narrow outside your party base, and I was actually successful in bringing people to the party that never had voted for a center right party in the past and I hope I'll be able to replicate that in the coming elections. Now, you face a geopolitical storm in Europe. How has the Russia Ukraine war affected you? It has affected all of us on numerous fronts. First of all, I hear sometimes lots of criticism about, you know, how Europe has reacted is Europe really in decline? I am very much against this logic. Because I think it's wrong. I think in Ukraine, we stood the ground in Greece, which was, is a country that has historical ties to Russia cultural religious ties, but we were very clear from the beginning, we want to be in the end, we will be on the right side of history. And we supported Ukraine, we supported it on all fronts, including with military equipment, and I'm convinced we did the right thing. But of course, the big impact for Europe has been energy. In particular, the price of gas, I think we were very naive in in Europe for many years, our over dependence on on Russia caused us huge problems. And I think we were in that case, we were also slow to react, I was the first to advocate for a cap on the price of natural gas, started back in March, finally convinced, you know, the Council and the Commission to adopt it in December. Since then, not only for that reason, I want to be honest, but the price of gas has collapsed, had we been able to move earlier, we would have saved ourselves a lot of money. And we would have not given the opportunity to Russia to make money out of limited supply of gas but at exorbitant prices. So I think the one, if there's one good thing that comes out of this, this horrible war, it's that it will push the green transition at a faster pace, it will force us to diversify our supplies of gas. Greece has a very important role to play. We are we are see country, we're investing in our LNG facilities. We want to bring in gas into Europe through Greece. I was speaking for example, now with the President of Moldova, we want to help our our Balkan neighbors, we help Bulgaria and stuff like that. So we want to be a provider of energy security for our region as they diversify, as these countries diversify away from Russia and gas. But at the end of the day, we know that renewables are the cheapest, most environmentally friendly, but also geopolitically safe choice. So I think what you will see is, is an even bigger push towards renewables. Right now, what I see there in Europe is a massive subsidy energy subsidies. I'm talking Europe wide to the tune of almost $600 billion this year. And there still is a real reluctance to invest in, for example, natural gas, because of a sense that it's fossil fuels. Yet, you do need the energy today, wouldn't it make sense to invest in actual in natural gas facility? I think I think we had this debate that at the European Council. Some, some people thought that you can move from fossil fuels and particular coal to renewables at the flick of a switch, it was a fantasy. It was wrong, it is wrong, we will need natural gas for the foreseeable future. But investments that will make it natural gas also need to be hydrogen ready. For example, we just I was just in northeastern Greece, where we're late, we started an investment in a new natural gas electricity plant that will actually cover the Balkans. But it is hydrogen ready. So when we invested you natural gas infrastructure, we need to think but we'll come after natural gas. But we're also starting serious exploration work in Greece, the Eastern med has natural gas, we know that those gas samples there's gas in, in Israel, there's gas in Egypt, I could be guessing Greece now working with Exxon Mobil. And you know, by the very soon, we will know if there's something meaningful there that we can actually extract. So I don't necessarily see these. These these two trends competing in the short to medium term, we're still far away from having the sort of storage investments and technology to replace natural gas as baseload. And of course, the same is also true for nuclear nuclear results are going to be part of the mix. We're not a nuclear country, we will never have nuclear reactors. But we're not going to hit Net Zero without nuclear in 2050. But yet, you say you won't build one. It's difficult to start a nuclear business from scratch, especially in a country where it's going to be even more expensive because of earthquakes. We're looking at, you know, the new small modular reactor technology is interesting. If there was a breakthrough there, maybe we could contemplate it. For the moment, it may make more sense to import, you know, electricity from Bulgaria or Romania. They have an installed base of nuclear, European Union and Russia and sanctions. You know, there are concerns that yes, Europe is united now. But over time as the costs rise, will its citizens be willing to bear those costs? You've been privy to all the conversations. Do you worry about that? No, I don't for two reasons. First of all, because I think we've seen the worse in terms of the gas prices, it was what we had to go through was horrible in terms of the the sacrifices and money we had to spend, things are better, there still may be volatility, but I doubt we will see the highs that we saw in 2022. This means that there will be less pressure in terms of inflation, and less need to subsidize our energy bills. And the second is because we see that our support is actually meaningful, that it can turn the tide. And we I think we have a moral but also a geopolitical obligation to continue supporting Ukraine. And in the case of Greece, I would argue for one additional reason, we don't want to set any precedents, in terms of aggressive revisionist powers think that they can, thinking that they can expand at the expense of other powers without, without suffering massive consequences. So you, you're raising a subject that I wanted to bring up, Greece is full of beautiful islands, one of them is castlerea. So I imagine you would not want people to vacation there, right? Because Is there a danger you will go to war with Turkey over this tiny island, we will not go to war with Turkey. Although we have, we've witnessed a lot of tension over the past three years, customers only is only one of the beautiful, you know, Greek, Greek islands. And speaking of vacationing, we've had a fantastic tourism season in 2022. And it looks like we will have a bumper year again in 23. And of course, tourism is very important for our economy. Look, we should be able to sit down with Turkey as reasonable adults and resolve our main difference, which is the delimitation of maritime zones in the Aegean of the Eastern Mediterranean. It's a complicated issue because of the geography of the Aegean. But we've been able to resolve similar problems with our neighbors. We did it with Italy, we did it with Egypt. And with Albania. we're contemplating taking the issue to the international court and let the court decide on our behalf. As long as you agree on the playbook. And the playbook is you resolve your problems according to international law, and in particular, the United Nations Convention on the Law of the seas, you don't provoke unnecessarily provoke your neighbors, you open keep channels of communication open. And I think it's also never helpful to sort of weaponize foreign policy for domestic reasons, it's usually not a good approach, because you end up poisoning your public opinion. And I'm more concerned with, you know, because there's a lot of noise in Turkey about, you know, Greece, you know, building up its its armed forces, and I ask anybody reasonably believe that the Greek Islands are a threat to the Turkish mainland? Or is it more realistic to believe that the Turkish mainland is a threat to the Greek islands, especially keeping in mind, the Cyprus story in 1974, we had an invasion. And you know, a third of the island is still occupied. So I think that after the elections, it's interesting that they will take place around the same time in both countries. I don't know which government will emerge out of Turkey. But certainly, I think there are ways of lowering the tension, working on issues of common interest, agreeing to disagree. But even if we agree to disagree, we can do so in a civilized manner. We don't need to be we don't need to, you know, threaten each other, or engage in overflights or other very provocative activities at risk, increase the risk of an accident. Do you think President Erdogan wants to resolve these issues? I've spoken with President Erdogan many times. Although we've had our you know, we've had a very, very difficult moments. I don't think that I do not consider the impossible to find a solution with President Erdogan, you you said in a previous interview that first he has to give up his Ottoman fantasies. Yeah, I mean, that's important because at some point, there are issues which are simply off the table. We cannot discuss the issue of sovereignty of Greek islands. We cannot accept, for example, the fact that Turkey signed a memorandum of understanding with Libya that denies Crete any rights to maritime zones. These are completely unacceptable premises. So if we narrow the discussion to the real issues, yes, we can find a solution. But if we broaden the discussion to issues that I'm not willing to discuss then we cannot have a discussion. President Erdogan is currently holding up Sweden's membership in NATO, your influence? As I understand that the main issue is with Sweden. Greece has been a member of NATO from the from the beginning. Do you think his objections are valid? No. And I think he's not. He's not helping the Alliance at a time when we need to be rock solid. But I also need to point out that Turkey is not imposing any sanctions on Russia. It's the only NATO country that is not imposing sanctions on Russia, which is also an issue because there's significant sanctions leakage. So, you know, I understand that, you know, every country has a right to formulate its own foreign policy. But I do need to point out that when it comes to making sure that the Western alliance is strong, you know, Turkey is not exactly consistent with what all the other NATO member states have done, and Finland and Sweden, apart from the fact that they have made the difficult decision to abandon, you know, decades of neutrality to join NATO will also be valuable additions to the alliance. Do you Do you believe that when you think about this, in terms of you come from a background in markets and such, it seems very unlikely that the sanctions against Russia are going to be lifted anytime soon? So we are in a world where Russia is simply isolated from the world economy, the entire the energy markets, global commerce, we'll just have to adjust to that. Right, exactly. This is this is what's happening. And I think this is regardless of what will happen and we all hope that the war will, will stop because it's it's horrible, what's happening. Every day people lose young, young, you know, young people in Ukraine user lives, you know, defending the country. But I think Russia's isolation from the World Economic Order, is a is going to be a long term pattern. For example, I don't think anyone will. Even if something we recklessly were to happen in the world war two stop, I don't think that Russia will find that many customers for his gas. The future everyone is looking to diversify and diversify in the long term, not just in the short term. When you think about this issue, you know, the Europe has been very united and in lockstep, really, with the United States, in confronting the issue of Russia. How do you think Europe will react to America's increasingly belligerent views on China? First of all, with your right to point out that Ukraine has strengthened the transatlantic bond. But there are some, some other issues which have caused turbulence, you know, China is a difficult problem. And I do, and I do sense my belief has always been that, of course, China is a strategic competitor or rival on many topics, but there are issues, the world needs to work with China, such as climate, the climate issue cannot be resolved if we don't bring anybody on, onboard. And in the in that sense, China's rule is important. But there's also another issue, which in my mind, is more imminent. And it's causing us a lot of headache in Europe. And that is the inflation Reduction Act, which is an important piece of legislation in terms of driving the US towards carbon neutrality. So it's good from from that perspective, but it's causing us a lot of headaches, because it's also protectionist. Legislation, and I'm sure that Europe will need to come up with with a response. We already had our response to COVID, which was significant, and in my mind, a milestone for Europe. The next generation, you find what we call the recovery and resilience facility, 750 billion euros if you just look at Greece 31 billion for Greece alone, 19 billion in grants, and the balance in low interest loans. We've already received 11 billion. This is a lot of money to invest in digital in green in skills in competitiveness issues. But I would imagine that there will be a response or the I would say there should be a response to the IRA. But do you worry, you're right that the United States has taken measures that are flatly protectionist Buy America provisions and things like that? If Europe puts in place a series of provisions that are flatly protectionist, aren't we going towards a world that is very different from the one that people want it to be in? More open? More fun? I think I think I think you're right. I think that there are ways to work around the legislation in terms of how it's implemented. I understand the point made by many of my us friends that this was not done to punish Europe, but certainly there are consequences for Europe, maybe in the implementation of the legislation. There's ways to work to work around this. But at some point, we also have a responsibility to protect our own industrial base. And if we talk to companies that tell us look, frankly, you know, with the incentives that we have in place, I mean, I'm calling Comparing moving my production for Europe to the US, we're not just gonna, we can't just sit at look at this format. And the solution for it is not just to relax state aid rules. Because if we were to just do that the big beneficiaries are going to be the big economies. If you look at state aid, you know, post COVID 50% 50%, of all state aid, went to Germany, when we relaxed the COVID, state aid rules, so it is important that we keep the cohesion of Europe intact. And that is why, in tandem with the relaxation of state aid, which I think is going to happen, I think we need a bigger European facility in similar to what we did with, with COVID. To add additional firepower to invest more specifically in clean tech. You have been a successful businessman, you and I think fair to say a successful politician, which was harder. There's no comparison. I mean, politics is extremely complicated. It's, especially in times of crisis. We had to we had to go through very sort of difficult challenges, you know, you know, because if you in our case, it was not just covered in Ukraine, we also had migration and Turkey. So we had to hold the whole package. But at the same time, it's tremendously rewarding job when you when you see, you know, real results. And when you improve people's lives, at the end of the day, we're in the solutions business. And if anything, I hear a lot of talk in Davos about you know, business being, though in the solutions business. But we've proven that politics, we also need to be able to deliver, deliver real results and be rather pragmatic in our, in our approach, that's where the business background can be helpful if you aspire to be a politician. But the last three and a half years have been challenging, extremely challenging, sometimes very difficult, very painful. When you have to deal with issues such as COVID. Where you know, lives are at stake, very stressful. But at the end of the day, when you look back at your record, when you make your case to the people to be reelected, if you feel good with yourself about the fact that you've tried very hard, you've done your best, you've given it your best, you acknowledge your mistakes, because mistakes were made. You sleep well at night, and that's very, very important when you have to run a campaign. Prime Minister, pleasure to have you thank you for it. Thank you very much. 

