Hey Richard Lewis Schefter goober monster.com pre Blessed are with Mr. Head of Government. It's a great pleasure for us to welcome you to this annual meeting. in Davos, we are entering a decade of crucial actual garden mall to ensure that the world can obtain a sustainable future and no solution. The accuracy that is not inclusive can be brought without the momentum and ambition of African peoples and communities. The youngest continent in the world with the fastest growth the Kingdom of Morocco is a brick Madea in the connection between nations of the world. And for that reason, Mr. Prime Minister, we are delighted to have you with us today. See whoo Saturday. The following week, Mr. President of the World Economic Forum Dr. Klaus Schwab. Ladies gentlemen, I am very happy to be speaking here in 2023. And let me wish you all my very best wishes for the New Year 2023 will be a year when our collective and individual duty will be to be optimistic. Our world has been shaken up by successive crises COVID pandemic, the war in Ukraine, the rise in energy and commodity prices as well as global warming. The relationships between states are deeply fragmented, and the risk of fragmentation also strikes our societies were feeling the feeling of inequality and exclusion persists in many parts of the population. The development of new technologies and their ability to transform our daily lives is accelerating, and requires from us adaptation that is both fast and vital. Ladies and gentleman, economy as a person, as all of us as persons responsible for economic and political development, we have a duty and the media question is, of course, and the people's question is how can we turn these challenges into opportunities? And in the longer term? What is the ideal of peace and prosperity that we can guarantee to our future generations because we must simultaneously note two things. One, globalization is not always a happy moment. It does not always keep its promises, and lead on contrary to the myth of the end of history, everything remains to be done. And Morocco and Africa more broadly, must write their own history. Ladies and gentlemen, the huge task before us in this huge darks Morocco is an ideal partner to build a responses is both economic, political, environmental and social. We live in a multipolar world, the kingdom, under the Enlightened Leadership of His Majesty King Mohammed, the sixth has become a regional model. We have built modern democratic institutions, our constitution voted in 2011 proof so the reform of the family code, a rule groundbreaking at the service of equality and human rights regionalization advanced regionalization allows us to bring participatory democracy deep in the heart of our communities. We have built infrastructure in the best world class infrastructure, connectivity, sea land, and air 2000 kilometers of motorways, the first high speed train line in Africa, the largest Mediterranean seaport, and very soon a very large port on the Atlantic Ocean as well as 14 international airports which provide the ability to travel across Africa. These infrastructures have allowed Morocco to to obtain very attractive tourist sector A high performance industry, fantastic agricultural sector industry in the automotive, and aerospace sectors. We have also established relations of trust. Establishing Morocco as a trusted partner in Africa, particularly where His Majesty King Muhammad the sixth has traveled across Africa extensively 50 visits, cooperation agreements have been signed in the struggle against protectionism in Africa be slack after the greatest free trade area has been founded. There are trade agreements with the European Union, the United States, and this free trade area now opens access to 2 billion consumers. Morocco has also become a leader in sustainable development, economic and human development. The man huge challenges for our generation renewable energies now account for 38% of our energy mix. And our ambition is to DC reach 50% by 2030. We're working hard for peace and security in the region, but also in the broader world, by contributing to a dialogue between civilizations are working for freshmen between cultures, religions, and peoples which live together in peace across the Kingdom of Morocco. Morocco has all of the assets to work with its partners on opportunity to turn challenges into opportunities at the crossroads of Africa, Europe, the Atlantic Ocean, its strategic strategic position gives it a place of choice in the value chains of the world. It has some of the most abundant and cheapest resources in the world, which will help in the development of hydrogen of green hydrogen, Morocco will also be a key player in decarbonisation of the world. We must offer a new ideal, a new political compact to the future generations so that they can project themselves optimistically into the future. Morocco, under the leadership of its sovereign, is now entering a new phase of its development through the edification of a social state. In one year, our government followed the royal agenda, with regulatory regulation framework for mandatory Social Security and rights open to two thirds of the population who have benefited who until now did not benefit from this welfare state. We want to go further and also generalize family benefits. Through efficient targeting of welfare benefits. Our government has also faced with great determination, the multiple crises of 2020 to the energy crisis, with rising crisis, the climate with the worst drought in 40 years. The monetary crisis with the return of inflation we have worked to support through budget measures, and we've managed to preserve our macro economic balances and our priority reforms our government has guaranteed supply has contained inflation and is continuing to work on reducing its deficits, we're also continuing to invest in the future. Morocco has a national health system. That is entirely necessary for the reform of social protection in 2023 1/3 of the government's budget has been allocated to health and education $7 billion dedicated to that these considerable resources must be better used to upgrade our education system, not strengthen its performance. Our objective is to rebuild trust in public education, and strengthen the skills of all schoolchildren all of these social reforms are facilitated by an in a major institutional advance because the government has chosen to strengthen social dialogue with the main the main trade unions. We listen we negotiate and we move together. Ladies and gentleman in more Morocco, we are well aware of the place the position we wish to occupy in the world and this is why we have a new invest Permanent charter, a new, attractive, and incentivizing framework for international national investors be they large or small. That is also what we're aiming to obtain with our reforms to simplify the tax rules, and placed them at the best world class standards by reducing the tax pressure on SMEs, which are, of course, key growth drivers. But we have also, we are also fully aware of the challenges that lie ahead. That will require us to improve the future and the present with new opportunities. Less gray economy, more creative industry, the new and old economy coming head on. Yeah. And as you said, Dear Mr. shrub in your book, the fourth industrial revolution, the question of youth has become more than ever crucial in any consistent and inclusive development project, in the image of what Morocco wishes to develop by 2035. By creating stronger links between economics and social aspects, with as a guiding thread is the environmental transition, which has become so very necessary. And this ambition, of course, poses many questions, how can the market release its creative energy, while also protecting our countries from a new major crisis. These are the great challenges we are facing. We must streamline things for the economy. But we must also remain very vigilant in the face of risks that emerge from the new economy. I think the lesson to be drawn from this is that the world is no longer a world to be dominated it is a world to be shared, that is what Morocco is striving for, a an inclusive and sustainable society, driven by the vision of His Majesty, Muhammad, the sixth, who caught who is calling for an equal partnership with various partners. And again, let me state my consideration availability as His Majesty's government members all. And let me assure you that we are deeply committed to work with you, in your investments through the acceleration of reforms, the continuous improvement of our investments, your investments, to create value together many facts. To shift to Grandma's or quad, Mr. Head of Government, I think we are all impressed by this project. In Morocco, these reform plans, they are not just plans, they are delivering results that are already very visible. I'm very happy that we now have time for a few questions. And the role was to share. So I'm sure you have already already touched upon some of these points in your speech. But let me ask you last year, Morocco entered the continental free trade area, the African Free Trade Area. And I now believe that there are more than around 50 members now and it is the largest free trade agreement in the world. Prosperity for what prospects do you envision Africa at all with this new area some of the stuff that you talked about Africa more broadly. In your speech, there's less significance Sure. What do you think the true meaning of this free trade agreement is Morocco truly believes in a positive future for Africa, Africans can feed the world in future if farming investments are made. Morocco has vast human resources. It is a very large market that connects Africa to raids with the rest of the world 60% and intra African trade is only 16%. This free trade area is a fantastic initiative and transformative initiative for Africa to boost investment and trade. And I believe that Africa's potential and in fact the importance that we grant to the continent with His Majesty is the king. More than 50 steed visits in 50 African nations, Bonnie Pft. Got it. African nations. More than 1000 agreements are also signed on that positions. Morocco was one of the greatest investors in Africa, notably West Africa. Africa has huge potential for the future. The free trade area will be a watershed moment for in Africa's growth. Mr. Head of Government, usually countries or in general countries find it very hard to reach the targets of the Paris Accords are also productive in reducing the temperature by 1.5 degrees. But Morocco requires surely Bosma I think is on the right path. What is your secret boss go was that click six because you are an exception? Well, Morocco just landed just after its independence. His Majesty, King Hassan the second had already started a very ambitious dam building policy meeting making hydropower very important in our country. There were adjustments after that, and more with the desertification, but there was an acceleration thanks to King Mohamed the six with a plan that imposed that asked the various governments to invest in wind and solar power, we have now reached 38% In our energy mix from green energy. And the targets set by His Majesty the King for which we're working on that ad is by 2030 to reach 50 or 52% renewables in the energy mix, it is possible. First, because Morocco is very favorable to renewable renewables 3000 hours of sunshine in Morocco. The sun kilowatt is about five kilowatt hours per square meter. It's one of the places in the world where we can have an offering where producing energy also through the speed and constancy of winds in Morocco. That will provide the some of the cheapest renewables in the world for renewable power production, and then the government is also working under the guidance of the sovereign to develop an offering Pickler party an offering for power a comprehensive offering, and we're going to try to find something to find God willing. Richard Mr. Head of Government, you have been very successful in attracting foreign businesses Oracle Renault opol and so on. You mentioned in your speech the importance of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, Sydney people are being exchanged, what does that imply services? For example, to attract foreign investments doing value aiming to become a supplier of high technology sector of the semiconductor in the in semiconductors. For instance, what is your vision of Morocco? In terms of production? Possible? Look, please. I believe that the most important thing is to set up a secure and framework for investors with great visibility. An investment charter has just been passed by Parliament to provide the is ability to encourage investment in Moroccan communities in the interests of sustainable development and employment. And there will be strong government support for these investments. There are multiple sectors I named a few. aerospace, automotive industry, agriculture, Morocco has an agricultural green generation development plan the transformation of fish and sea foods, fully mature electronics keep when all of this fits and furthers the interests of sustainable development and job creation. Well, Morocco will support these initiatives first of all through a powerful de centralization regionalization. So that decisions can be taken in the field to facilitate investment but also to try and identify and pinpoint processes where investments can be made easier. Mister had a government Morocco was very good compared to other countries to in managing the COVID crisis. We did very well. What could you tell us about that? What were the key learnings of your experience during the COVID pandemic, His Majesty the King was asked for appeal to the generosity of our people, we managed to collect around $3 billion, which helped to support the local population. Which, of course, was finding that period very difficult. Factories were shut down in Memphis, but also to work. In fighting the disease itself, because 1.5 billion was dedicated to the consequences of COVID. It was an opportunity which we managed to seize major investments will be made in healthcare with the the local manufacturing of vaccines, up to 1 billion losers a year that can be exported elsewhere in Africa, but also through our healthcare system. Our new legislation is deeply modifying our models of governance, so that we can better so that we can improve patient pathways provincially regionally or locally, and also increase investments in human resources, and notably, doctors. The whole world needs these types of developments and we too, are fighting to better train to train more, and to try to retain our physicians by making their careers more attractive. And therefore, what took place with COVID generated opportunities for us to transform our healthcare sector. Mr. Head of Government, good news, John Doerr, certainly many people in this room, I followed with great interest, the World Cup. And, of course, we were all deeply impressed by Morocco's national football team. It's a symbol of what you were talking about in your speech and your answers to our questions, because I think you were the very first African African and Arab World Team to qualify for the World Cup semi finals. What do you think that means for Morocco? First of all, it is true that we were ourselves surprised. Morocco has always had a great football team. It's not by chance. There's been a lot of investment, a lot of supervision followed very closely by our sovereign. We have training schools which we have professionalized nationally, notably the school that bears the name of His Majesty, ma'am at the six with some great players who play in some of the world's greatest clubs. So we had a good team. But in all of these games, there were multiple games because of course, the players were truly engaged with the fighting spirit. They went out there to win to succeed, there was really this very strong determination to win. But all of that was done joyfully. They listened to the public. You know, every time Morocco would win a match, there were at least a million people in the streets of Morocco celebrating our victory. So city shows a man exchange was extremely important to us. And it truly expressed values of engagement of solidarity, but also values of the relationship that we have with our mothers with our wives. And it really showed how important women are in our society, there was not a single game that ended with the players going to embrace their mothers or their wives to share that victory. with them. It was a fantastic moment for Morocco. And I think it really expresses values that all businesses and states wish to express. But what we felt deep in our hearts during that World Cup, was that there was great sympathy for our national team. And many thanks for your sympathy. Well, Mr. Head of Government, I think we would all like to wish you as you're calling on behalf of all of our participants who wish you every success, and victories that are as great as the victories you have obtained in football in your energy transition program and your education program, which you mentioned to the and also in your industrialization process. So many thanks to you for attending this Annual Meeting in Davos. And we wish you all the best 

