Thank you Angelica and Amen forces, musical opening of submitting your royal highnesses. Excellencies distinguished heads of state and government excellencies dear partners and friends of serval dichotomic form a very cordial welcome to CES 2023 annual meeting. We are coming together under Somoto cooperation in a fragmented world. It's the beginning of this year, we are confronted with unprecedented and multiple challenges. First, our global economy is undergoing deep transformation, see energy transmission. See consequences of COVID see reshaping of supply chains are all serving as catalytic forces for the economic transformation. And for hotspots of socio economic remodeling are high inflation, inflation, increasing interest rates and growing national debt. This is particularly hurting low and middle income groups, it is accelerating societal fragmentation. Second, the geopolitical system is also undergoing deep systemic transformation. Internationally, we are moving to what some people would call a messy patchwork of powers, superpowers, emerging powers, middle powers, regional powers, OIC states and also large corporate and social media powers all competing increasingly for power and influence as a result, so trend is again, moving towards increased fragmentation and confrontation. Certainly, our generation has reached a turning point confronted by truly existential problems, climate change, exploitation of nature, nuclear possible incidents are even worse. Extreme poverty and viruses, they all can lead to an extension extinction of large parts of our global population. And we have seen how much dealing with those risks such as COVID, of global warming, have, again, fragmented populations. And finally, the fourth industrial revolution offers us tremendous opportunities. But at the same time, technologies as computing, quantum computing and doing blockchain genetics and so on, say also could create deep societal fragmentation. We have the ability to collaboratively build a more peaceful, resilient, inclusive and sustainable world. But to do so, we need to overcome Simoes political fragmentation. And so most critical fragmentation is between those who take a constructive attitude. And so those who are just bystanders observers, and even go into such a negative, critical and confrontational attitude. But the spirit of Thomas's positive is constructive. It means investing into a greener and sell for more sustainable economy, investing into a more cohesive society by providing everyone with the appropriate skills and opportunities, investing into the heart and soft infrastructure that modern societies require. And here in Davos, it means despite also challenges, it means particularly investing in spirit and the practice of solving problems. So mutual respect and cooperation. We believe that we can do it, that through collective responsibility, innovation, human goodwill, and ingenuity. We have the capacity to turn such challenges into opportunities. They just have gentleman I have now it's a great pleasure and honor to introduce Alan Belson, president of Swiss Confederation and Federal Council for the Federal Department of Internal Affairs. Several economic form has been based in Switzerland for 53 years. And there is always this period, the cooperation between the Swiss Federal Government, the Canton of carbon, and municipality of doubles, has been such a partnership has been truly exceptional. I would like to express Mr. President, and all our Swiss hosts our sincere gratitude for their hospitality and support all over associates. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the Confederation to the president of the Swiss Confederation, Alan Belson. Excellencies ladies and gentlemen, the above is all Shabaab. The post war order is currently experiencing its greatest crisis. Russia's war of aggression on Ukraine constitutes a brutal attack on a peaceful country. But he's also a brutal attack on international law and multilateralism. The war is causing great suffering. And he's playing a decisive role on the global development of democracy. That is why the great solidarity shown by democratic countries with Ukraine is crucial solidarity with the people in the country with also with those who have fled and this aggression has come of all countries, from a member of the UN Security Council, which and I quote from the UN Charter, bears primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security. And in spite of these are know precisely because of this, Switzerland's will make every effort to again strengthen international law and multilateralism in the UN Security Council for the first time this year, and through international Geneva, receipt of one of the most important multilateral platforms. Ladies and gentlemen, excellencies. The world needs strong, multilateral platforms because the greatest present day challenges are transnational climate change and bienick. War, migration, proliferation. And this annual meeting is also an important platform for global dialogue. It is a place of optimism of can do spirits. And this is especially so in times of crisis. When I first attended the annual meeting back in 2012. The motto was the great transformation shaping new models It was a call to look to the future with optimism and to have confidence in the strength of our shared values and vision. But even at that time, even at the time with founder Klaus Schwab, warns that inclusion is critical at a time, when the number one risk to the world is rising inequality. And this warning has proven to be as accurate as it was fantasizes. For since then, inequality worldwide has continued to grow. The world inequality report 2022, which measures global wealth, income, gender, and ecological inequality comes to the conclusion that inequality today is as great as it was 20 years ago. And all the fears expressed at the 2012 Annual Meeting have come through inequality brings with it huge political and social collateral damage. And what we call populism is essentially a reaction to growing inequality. We all know that extreme inequality undermines social cohesion and creates resentments, causing us to seek scapegoats. And it is politically toxic, eating away at our faith in democracy. The number of democracies worldwide as diminished very much according to Freedom House, around 50 percents 50% of the world's population lives in democracies 30 years ago. And today, that figure is just 20 percents. And we find ourselves at the tipping points. democratic institutions are being weakened, it's it's certain places, the rule of law is under threat, even in some democratically constituted states. And rule of law is also at risk of eroding in the international system. Business as usual, is no longer an option. We must take steps to defend steadfastly the foundations that are a condition for civilized coexistence. Excellencies ladies and gentlemen, we have given much forth also here the annual meeting to efficiency and prosperity. But to return to social fairness. What applies in the domestic politics of most countries also applies in relations between states, and here to inequality is growing at an alarming rates. And already, fragile states are further weakness, first, by climate change, and the pandemic and then by the war in Ukraine. We're on three hundreds 50 million people in 82 countries are currently at acute risk of hunger, according to the UN World Food Programme. That's 200 million more than before the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. In large parts of Africa, the consequences are dramatic. Before the world, 90 persons of grain supplied to Eritrea and Somalia came from Russia and Ukraine. And a sharp rise in the price of fertilizer and oil have a huge impacts on the continents poorest countries weakening them further still. The COVID pandemic also hit already fragile, fragile states hardest inequality increase significantly. And what is particularly difficult to accept is that prior to 2020 African countries were among the fastest growing in the worlds Yes, excellencies. Ladies and gentlemen, many countries in Africa, just as many parts of the world have been weakened by the cerebral war and seeing their ambition reduced, but that does not diminish the importance of these countries. It does, however, require a rethink. It needs an active global partnership, a partnership that recognizes the enormous potential of countries in Africa and strengthens you On rights and democracy, a partnership that addresses humanitarian needs as well as supports economic opportunities, and innovation. inequalities are not eliminated by charity. They, for example, have COVID-19 vaccines. promises were made to have fragile countries, Switzerland to lend its financial and political support to the Kovacs initiative of the World Health Organization, which wanted to achieve equitable access to vaccines worldwide. But when it came to distributing vaccines, there was little evidence of that kind of partnership. In light of the pandemic and the war in Ukraine, we have seen that the risk of fragility is no longer a one way streets. The problems experienced by fragile states do not remain within their own borders. They are always exported to neighboring countries, but also to far flung regions in the form of migration, corruption, terrorism. And we must do all we can to support fragile states otherwise, there is becoming failed states. And that is why Switzerland will work systematically on behalf of the most vulnerable, in particular to protect the civilian population and improve food security. Ladies and gentlemen, excellencies Frage fragility poses a threats to all of us. That is true domestically, but it is also true internationally, say self interests and supporting those weaker than ourselves. We have long considered these to be two different things. But now we know they are one and they are the same. Thank you very much. 

