Hello it's my great pleasure and honor. John, we will lose his excellency, viewer, Vice Premier of state council of the People's Republic of China surpass three years, the world has been undergoing tremendous changes with many challenges. The pandemic, the war in Europe, the slowing economy, the energy crisis, food crisis, supply chain instability, climate change, and I could go on. So well this becoming even more fragmented. And we must seek cooperation in this fragmented world since China's reform process over 40 years ago, the country has made great contributions to the development of the global economy. Yet, so Roald is in transformation. And we are all focused to rethink our development models. The global community, your Excellency is eager to understand the next chapter of China's development strategy, both domestically and globally, particularly after the Communist Party's 20th Congress. And we would like to know the opportunities in China and how we can work together with China to tackle so collective challenges such a world is facing cooperation, instead of fragmentation. As Director of the Office of the central commission for finance and economy, director of the financial stability and development committee of State Council, head of the leading group for National Science and Technology system reform and innovation systems development phase for me a review has played a key role and key roles in China's economy, financial and technolog technology sector, as well as China's international cooperation force for over 30 years now. He's a recognized leader, and a well known person internationally. Today, we all need to work together to make progress in this fragmented world. We firmly believe that China will play and can play an important role. So we are all keen to hear your perspectives. Mr. Vice Premier of China assume how much will China assume a responsive and responsible role to avoid first off fragmentation in the world. Please welcome Vice Premier you will hurt. So during the show our board was Dr. Klaus Schwab user may change, ladies and gentleman, friends. Good morning, guys. Yeah, sure. Let me begin by thanking Dr. Schwab for inviting me to Danfoss again, where sounds kinda sure are a lot Last time I came here was 2018. Over the past five years, we have experienced all kinds of unexpected events and witnessed you profound changes in the world's political and economic landscape. Gene engineer. Therefore, the theme of this year's annual meeting, cooperation, and a fragmented world cannot be more relevant, shall hold our mutual understanding is an important prerequisite for cooperation. Shan Shan God, we've been conducting online communications recently. Yet, we realized that no matter how technologically advanced it is, there's no substitute for in person meetings, general things can go I had quite a number of very warm meetings with some old friends these two days. Chandogya Jr. John, this face to face event. I hope I can help you understand the Chinese economy better, drunk or surely event I'm gonna go. In 2022. China completed its major political agenda. We held the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and elected the new central leadership with President Xi Jinping at its core. We drew up an ambitious Blueprint for Advancing Chinese modernization in the coming five years and beyond. Into last month, we held the annual central economic work conference to make plans for this year in line with the development of the 20th CPC National Congress for June energy Mancha. Don't go at the end. Don't last year, China's growth was 3%. Cheap and we managed to keep jobs and prices stable. Andrew would argue urban survey unemployment rate was 5.6% CPI was 2%. And the current account surplus your view total was slightly above 2% of GDP. When in 2023, we will continue to work to make progress while maintaining stability and follow a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy. We will strive to maintain reasonable economic growth and keep human prices and jobs stable. When will you go there. Our focus will be placed on expanding domestic demand we do try keeping industrial and townhome and supply chains smooth, medium G Jan Khanfar supporting the healthy development of private sector, deepening state owned enterprises reform, attracting foreign investment funds and preventing up and diffusing economic and financial risks. If we work hard enough, we are confident that in 2023, China's growth will most likely return to its normal trend. The Chinese economy will see a significant improvement should you call me a genius Tangata ting call for immediate a noticeable increase of import. More investment by companies and residential consumption returning back to normal can be expected. Stronger the GDP over the past 10 years. China's GDP grew from 54 trillion to 121 trillion yuan for jujitsu, our average life expectancy rose from 74.8 to 72. 8.2 years last year and contribution to the global growth last year reached around 36%. Chunky. Well, I'm really shy. Oh, at least five things that we always bear in mind in making such achievements. Eugen Sure, first, we must always take economic development as the primary and central task. Under the new circumstances, guided by the philosophy of innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development you're ready to do high quality economic development must always be our goal. Yeah bgn second, show it we should try and zingy. We must always make establishing a socialist market economy, the direction of our reforms. Y'all, we must let the market play a fundamental role in resource allocation and let the government play a better role. Some people say that China will go for the planned economy and that is by no means possible. On your agenda, and Wu Yi Sheng Hua coy here will stay committed to deepening SOE reform. Support the private sector and their growth. Find good promote fair competition. Oppose monopoly and champion entrepreneurship Egencia so caught up to almost always promote all round opening up shabdrung Gotta keep them opening up as a basic state policy. Don't go that guy is a catalyst of reform and development in your in China, and a key driver of economic progress. China's door to the outside world will only open wider. Fourth, we must always uphold the rule of law. We must protect property rights and IPRS and accordance with the law. We must create a world class and market oriented business environment underpinned by a sound legal framework. Dobies you, both government and market activities must stay within the confines of law. You insure 50 shoot on fire, we must pursue innovation driven development. We should promote innovation in education. Grow human capital, you know, could you foster a sound interaction of finance technology and industry loans and work to boost productivity? Using the gentleman on your man, ladies and gentleman friends, sure. The above five points that you are the important experience we have learned and gained since China started its reform and opening up. We must stick to them and never waver in our commitment were shown to Jungwirth let me also briefly touch upon three issues about the Chinese economy farm. First issue where we are in resolving financial risks. Those in the real estate sector in particular, to the second our thinking on a dual circulation. Third, there rationale behind China's goal of common prosperity. John Good to see you the financial risks that emerged in China over the past five years are a result of multiple factors including macro economic downturn, loose financial supervision imprudent businesses expansion, and insider Control Home daddy child. We fought a tough battle to address these risks. Here we dealt with conglomerates. Children, government, as well as small and medium sized financial institutions, have high risks disposed of distressed assets, curbed shadow banking activities when sure you'd have handled unusual volatility in the capital market. Here don't hear about Sheila. Thanks to these efforts, we have managed to maintain overall financial stability and prevented systemic risks which Georgia Attorney General and we are drafting the financial stability law right now, which is expected to provide legal safeguards for defusing risks and maintaining financial stability as we go forward to the real estate sector is still a pillar for China's economy. But there have been changes since 2021. The real estate sector accounts for nearly 40% of bank lending around 50% of overall local government, fiscal resources, and 60% of urban household assets. Well, cool. Therefore, we pay much attention with all due to the changes that have taken place, including a rapid decline in property prices and home sales. Many property developers have suffered from liquidity shortage and deteriorating balance sheet. The risks of a handful of leading property developers are particularly noticeable and we hit if not handled properly, the risks risks in the housing sector are likely to trigger systemic risks. That is why prompt steps must be taken to address the heat on phones. Yeah. That said, while doing so we should also prevent possible moral hazard. The here is what we have done. First, when we have stabilized expectations by honoring contracts and protecting property rights, rather than dooming downtown Dubai for the 2600 Plus pre sold, but unfinished housing projects that concern 1.8 8 million people across the country we have made ensuring their delivery a priority. And this helped prevent panic in the market. Second, we have conducted massive blood transfusion to the real estate sector to the Quiddity situation of real estate companies has been greatly enhanced by way of fresh bank lending. bond issuance guarantee, thunder and equity financing. Found Thor found you Dad sure trial quarter or third year. We have relaxed restrictions that were once introduced to addressing the overheating in the property market to effectively expand demand and enable property developers to generate revenue through model Shere Khan. Thanks to these efforts, new agenda. The property market in China has seen noticeable improvement Changshu Joel quit looking ahead. China's urbanization is still on the fast track. And the enormous potential demand generated in this process will provide a strong underpinning for the development of the real estate sector you coordinate. Right now, China is stepping up efforts to foster a new development paradigm with domestic circulation as the mainstay and domestic and international circulations reinforcing each other. The focus of domestic circulation is on expanding internal demand. Mounting industrial upgrade developing a consumption led growth model for huge issues yet and rebalancing the economy. You here on Fiverr on Wii U haul this is a logic reflecting international consensus since the financial crisis in 2008. regard for China needs to rebalance, so does the United States the world economy needs every balancing. However, for domestic circulation to function well it must rely on international division of labor and cooperation as well as more foreign trade and investment. Therefore, the new development paradigm and dual circulation is to be pursued an open economy. China's national reality dictates that opening up to the world is a must not an expediency. We must open up wider and make it work better. We oppose unilateralism and protectionism. I look forward to strengthening comprehensive international cooperation with all countries Prieta for world economic stability and development and the promotion of economic re globalization shall Colin Shall we shall, now that China has completed the mission of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, we have come up with a new social development goal of achieving common prosperity, one that issues you know, historic mission that will help us ensure lasting stability. It is a long term task that requires an incremental and graduate approach. It is not something to be achieved overnight. common prosperity as we see it is aimed at preventing polarization Call. Call change can only be attained through common development and the hard work of every Chinese common parrot prosperity is by no means a synonym of a egalitarian ism. Or welfarism. Jeremy, for your tango, as China grows, all Chinese people will be better off. But that doesn't mean their incomes and level of prosperity have to be the same. Let me challenge you all. Or that is to say there will be equal opportunities, but no guarantee of equal outcomes. Well, cool. Entrepreneurship is a key factor for both creation of a society. Therefore entrepreneurs, both Chinese and foreign, will play an important role as the engine driving China historical pursuit of common prosperity. chunk of both doesn't grow common prosperity will become a river without source, or tree without roots. Ladies and gentlemen, friends, the theme of this meeting, cooperation in a fragmented world is highly relevant you immune to Haeju. Down here, as President Xi Jinping noted, changes of our world of our times of history unfolding in front of us in an unprecedented way. The world has once again come at a historical crossroad, and its future depends on the choices we make. As for how to advance international cooperation, I'd like to share with you the following three observations. First, we need to upload the right principles and maintain the effective international economic order human trials under severe bouncer under the new circumstances to the traditional way of thinking cannot provide a solution. Fool hence, we have to abandon John, the cold war mentality. Try to understand the essence of things from the perspective of material duality, you are in the endeavor to build a community with a shared future for mankind and join hands to respond to global challenges. A huge issue we believe that an equitable international economic order must be preserved by all of us even going Euclidean, founded on international division of labor, encouragement of competition, anti monopoly protection of property rights and IPRS promoting entrepreneurship and free flow of production factors. Fair distribution and channel, ensuring macroeconomic stability and a strong social safety net drove costs to economic principles that are relevant today. The government has a key role to play on major issues. Despite temporary resistance and some setbacks, we must have the courage to uphold the truth and law of economics, the ban and address complex issues in a pragmatic way with plain and simple solutions. Second, we need to strengthen international macro policy coordination and strike a good balance between inflation and growth in the US to tame inflation. Some countries have chosen the policy that will likely result in the hike recession recovery loop. But it is important to note that inflation this time around is driven by multiple factors, which is why it is complicated. Apart from the demand side supply side measures are also need to repair the supply chains and preserve energy and food security. Won't Won't we don't go on Toby you a joint response to this challenge requires international cooperation and maintenance of peace from your who you torture. In alcohol, we call for more attention to the negative spillover effect of major countries rate hikes on the emerging markets and developing countries so as not to add two more debt or financial risks. Three don't We also stand ready to work with all parties to find solutions to the debt issues of some developing countries. Using the third NGO Quixote, we need a global response to climate change. Most countries in the world are keenly aware of the urgency of climate governance and the need for common actions. shengguan Bonecrusher the COVID 19 pandemic has revealed to us a possible connection between climate change and public health crisis will meet your this is an area where effective international cooperation is needed to China will honor its commitments to the international community push for global cooperation on climate change. He began work with other countries to tackle the serious challenges posed by it. The end of this year, Josh alpha to show me how to strengthen cooperation in a fragmented world. As a real problem, we all face failure to drown. General Fiji, we must face it squarely. Dig deep into the causes of fragmentation, promote positive some games, identify the possible converging areas of cooperation or you can explore the mechanisms for doing so surely, we must also work together to firmly safeguard world peace. We want you all know, we should be grateful that this year's Davos Forum presents us with an opportunity to do just that. I wish the format for success you can hopefully help us strengthen cooperation and preserve peace in a fragmented world. Thank you for your attention. Thank you. Thank you very much ffice. For me. We have time also for two questions. And I would like to follow up what you mentioned at the end and come back to China carbon neutrality goal. China has announced its goal to be carbon neutral by 2060 to make such a strong contribution to see achievement of the Paris objectives, but what are the practical decisive steps set must be taken. And you mentioned already what all does Spielberg collaboration play? Could you elaborate a little bit closer? From what he's saying thank you Dr. Schwab for your question, no questions. So may I answer in Chinese instead of English? Call us Leone, you move your carbon peak before 2030 and carbon neutrality before 2060 Our solemn commitments that Chinese government made to the world we all strive to achieve them while they can. drugs or alcohol. To achieve that, we are making efforts in a number of aspects. The first one, we are adjusting energy structure, coordination the key goal Further, we will increase the share of renewable and new energy. What do you guys find your time and enhance the efficiency of traditional energy, including carbon capture, storage. These are important for improving water quality. And in the meantime, while you're here, India, and China, China's national reality dictates that we also need to promote safe and clean use of nuclear power. Draw to tune the second node in general, will focus on key areas of carbon reduction using Google Drive. On chunky pipe Roundup, I'm rubbish. If we can focus on these key areas, were able to cut 80% of emissions, including power generation, construction materials still, I own we're also promoting the change of consumption behavior and make changes to the traditional manufacturing sector. And third, we think institutional arrangements are crucial. We have made a one plus n policy framework find your you Chicago promoting the building of the Euro carbon trade and green finance with a component on fiscal on public investment, taxation will also make efforts in these aspects. One fishy shiny the Qaeda, what do you call it Fourth, we must strengthen international cooperation project. We are working with the United States, including under the United Nations, APEC ng 20 frameworks, we have established a series of mechanisms using CAGR. To do that. We have already been working with the European Union. In areas such as cities, and industrial parks, we are working with the European Union on technology. And we are collaborating with emerging markets and developing countries. For instance, in Belt and Road cooperation, we have announced the end of building new coal fired plants in international cooperation and we will also provide financing to countries in need. To wash the agenda, I also want to talk about Chinese modernization. Sure. Carbon Neutrality is China's international obligation. This is also what China needs in driving its internal growth. It is not imposed on us. Rather, it is something that we want to do going to supply of primary products requires international exchanges. Or in China, we have a massive manufacturing industry and advancing industrialization and urbanization, shimmy and China must make changes and tweaks to our development model to grow and promote green development to start in January. Well, if you don't change I have noticed that if you don't do you find the idea of paradigm change oriented green development that was raised not long ago. I had found time to the reduction of carbon emissions and carbon neutrality will be crucial to China's survival. We're also taking a holistic approach to conserving mountain water forest and farmland and grassland ecosystems. We know that Lusa waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, which we also need we also need to promote green development among the public. Thank you for Marion's just contacts and appreciate very much China's commitment to plan. It's a framework also a follow up on trillion trees are checked to plan I think 65 I've billion trees in the coming years. Yes. Now I have a question which certainly everybody is keenly interested to face where we are. Because there have been so many different reports about the COVID situation in China, creating concerns about sea health situation, of course, the impact on economic host potential and of course, sea resilience and reliance on supply chains. Could you enlighten us what's the situation is and what can we expect of the final if I may say so, normalization of the situation? Thank you so much for your time, if I may, I still hold on to anxiety in Chinese as I mentioned, okay. For Johnny. As you mentioned are you doing fine Jana Trudeau drum drum, we are shifting our focus from Dynamic zero COVID to the prevention of severe cases has started on Eighth December last year, you and your since eighth January this year, we have started to manage COVID has a Class B infectious infectious disease that is a signal of reopening human shouldn't be first the COVID situation are called the case study in China has passed the infection peak members for society have returned to normal query for children should be acquired for more than Isha. There's a short span of time between infection peak and returning to normal which somehow is beyond our expectations shown. shown for a second round we jumped living and production have been fully restored. Catering, tourism and other consumption they don't want to have restored Joe Tony has have been restored restored to normal. Should you have received quite surprising number from the Transportation Department this year is your Chinese Spring Festival. Do you foresee some 5 billion trips made which is an enormous scale query for the job that is why I said just now that life has been restored to normal in China do you find in China today and I'm gonna assert the priority is still on the elderly those with under underlying conditions including diabetes, high blood pressure, etc. Which one don't die and die up. Now we are working to address these priorities as things stand hospitals, hospital beds, doctors, nurses medicine buncha Can you bought drugs supply of these factors can be ensured. Finally, for all of you, my foreign friends, who are most welcome to visit China. The policy we're taking right now is travelers only need 48 hour PCR test results upon entry may or encourage you to push and there is no quarantine. No other additional requests from the client, which either Amil all of you, friends from the international community are most welcome to visit China or provide you with the best services. Once you go to the uncertain issues we need some time for transition, but overall, there is no problem. I met a number of old friends yesterday. They told me that they want to visit China for the ball for for Asia, for the high level forum for development, there is also proof that things have been normalized. Thank you for your question. And thank you for your attention. Thank you. sank your face for me. The highly appreciate that you came here to Davos, actually just before Spring Festival start so you came here with important delegation. And thank you for sharing with us the latest policies of the Chinese government of China and I speak on behalf of all of us. I want to wish you a good year of syrup it thank you very much 

