That's great. What a pleasure to meet you. You too. How are you? I'm very well thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we introduced interest in Cebu Brina Elba UN Goodwill Ambassadors and also you have a few other jobs. He's got quite a few others Yep, I'm, I'm African. What can I say? Yeah. Anyone who knows anything about Londoners knows that there's a fair amount of rivalry between different different parts of London. So just where you told me your Tottenham fan, mate, come on, man. I'm a Charlton fan. Oh, okay. No, that's misery that is football misery. So London team good team. So I was born I was born in the same year as Idris. Idris, of course, born in East London in Hackney. I was born in southeast London in Woolwich. So I have to say that I was a little I've achieved in life. I pinch myself that I'm here. Now, do you have that same feeling? Do you have that same? Or are you just so you know, not as confident as you seem that, you know, I come from, I was actually born in a small place called forest gate, which is about two miles away from Hackney. And forest gate hospital is tiny little place. My parents lived in Hackney, Hackney and the nearest hospital was forest gate. And that's where I was born. Okay. My parents came from Sierra Leone, my mom's gone. And my dad, Sierra Leone, but my both they both lived in Sierra Leone. So I say this, to say that, you know, I pinch myself all the time, my parents came 1971 with big dreams. had one child, we lived in a small council flat Council flat as in, you know, like a project, you know. And, you know, my dad worked at Ford Motor Company for 25 years, my mom worked as a clerical assistant. And their only child was woke up one day and said, I'm going to be an actor. My dad was like, doing what? Acting. And, you know, I fast forward to here and being allowed to sit in this room with my partner in crime and wife, and he's wonderful people and talking about things actually, that hard work that I've done as an actor from being 19, practically, to now allows me the platform to use my voice in areas that I have not qualified to be and quite frankly, or amply qualified, maybe? Well, yeah, it depends on how you like it. Yeah, you know, and, you know, I come from a generation that saw hip hop, emerge and saw the 80s. And so, you know, Margaret Thatcher, you know, and so Trump, you know, I've seen it all. So here's the thing, you know, we when you when you when you have that sort of life experience, you know, I think it becomes more about what can you how can you articulate what you're feeling? Doesn't matter that I can do it at the forum. But can I articulate what I'm feeling? Do I have a point of view? And that's, that's what I'm doing. You know, I don't sit here as an expert. In food securities, I sit as a citizen of the globe. I'm, like, most people mortified about the disparity of wealth, mortified about what we're doing to our planet. And so who is it? Yeah. And let's talk about where that comes from. My best friend is from Sierra Leone. So I've spent many years there. Oh, the body? The body? Fine. Wow. I was not. It's my mind. I'm sorry. Keeps me and my mother in law in good standing. Let me just ask quickly, since you know, because you guys also, it's a bit of a segue, but we'll get back to Sierra Leone in a moment and also to East Africa, of course, but you guys have your podcast, you know, you have this whole other line, talking about many jobs in kind of talking to people about how to how to, well, you told me navigate a relationship with somebody. Tell me tell me what Yeah. And well, like no, actually, because when we were newlyweds when we started it, but we at the kind of beginning of the pandemic we had COVID I feel like you probably all know that because I just was on CNN telling everyone he had COVID I was there when I'm no better I was in the videos one of my greatest career Your moves. And then we, you know, we were exploring wellness. Like at the time, there's so much misinformation, I kind of convinced myself it was like my fault that I got COVID Because my immune system was so I don't know, I had my family calling from Africa drink hot water and like, you know, you need to work on yourself. And I was like, oh my god, I'm so sorry, I have it. And looking at wellness and exploring what that meant for me as a person of color. Like it felt like a very kind of niche space for one type of person, one gender. Anyways, I say that to say in that exploration, we realized actually that a big part of our wellness had to do with the communities around us had to do with the relationships in our lives. Because more than anything, what was affecting us the most was the people we missed that we couldn't see in lockdown. So we realize relationships are so important and and that's been into, there's so many different kinds of relationships when we were talking familial partnerships, best friends, the relationship you have with yourself the relationship you have with the planet. And we thought this needs to be a topic of discussion. And as newlyweds how can we best learn we can learn by talking to people we respect and admire in that space. So we started this podcast called coupledom. And we've had amazing conversations with amazing Duo's, I mean, everyone from like, Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner, which is like kind of flashy, but like Ben and Jerry's, who we really admire in business and how they've sold their ethics into their business. And it's been a fun ride. And you know, we're looking at starting it up again, interest is very busy. So we had a lot of time during COVID, but having to find some time again, but thanks for asking about it. Because it does feel like one of those things that has shifted the paradigm of my thinking into how you know, it's the first thing you learn in school, the buddy system, take a friend when you go to the bathroom, and somewhere along the line, we lost his sense of collaboration. It's one of the themes of this Davos as well working together. And we work for a number of different agencies and we constantly work on how do we bring the agencies together and I'll their president of E fat, who we are goodwill ambassadors for will know or always like to have you heard about this agency? And how can we bring everyone together? And I think collaboration is so important. Yeah. So let's talk about that. But that's just for a moment pause to talk about. So I mentioned my, my own connection through my best friend to Sierra Leone, you know, shout out to John CC. And that's just all about how, what an incredible place, West Africa is in Sierra Leone is the beauty the place the people. There's a beach about an hour's drive from Freetown called beach number two, which is weird, because it doesn't seem to be a beach number one. But it is paradise. Yeah, yeah. West Africa, is beautiful. You know, before there were borders, that region is probably the most beautiful, you know, wing of Africa, and still is. And the people, as you say, have, you know, such a rich culture, history and tragedy, you know, West Africa being the sort of hub of slavery, that part of the world still remains to have an incredible character characteristics. Sierra Leone has been hitting hit, many, many times have very devastating adversity, which it has recovered from over and over again. And as it relates to me and my family, you know, we feel proud to be survivors, or people that are part of a survival group that haven't given up that haven't lost their heritage, they haven't lost their, their hope, you know, and, you know, we sit in a incredible seat of privilege, while some of our brothers or sisters don't have a voice to speak up about the DIS privileges. So that's why, you know, I ended up you didn't ask me that question. But it's a good driver for me as to why I sit in the seat talking about things that essentially affect us all and why we feel compelled to keep going and keep going. Yeah. And the, what you have kind of doubled down on if you'd like, is the question of farming. And that it's interesting, because it's so crucial. But you tell us why. How did you get there? And why is that the thing that you have kind of honed in on as as what needs to change in order to improve people's lives. It's a shared journey. I think Sabrina has a lot of influence in why and I'll let Sabrina tell that story as well. But I think also at a junction where, you know, just a realisation that look in the 80s you know, Ethiopia was going through an incredible devastating famine and I'd Just never will forget, looking at children that were a little bit younger than me. You know, you've seen images, and it stuck with me. And my mum and dad would be like my dad, especially black, always put an Africa on a TV like that. That's what they're saying. That's what Africa looks like, that's so interesting. I don't want you to take over to take you away from talking about the work which we must talk about in detail. But But how do you talk about this stuff? without plugging into a kind of post colonial racism kind of thing? How do you how do you get people to engage in the challenges while at the same time getting that message? Right, and celebrating those that part of the world? But I mean, I think the work that we focus on now in actually, in any philanthropic venture, we we, you know, find ourselves in is more about investing in the people that we support, as opposed to, you know, sometimes what can be a short sighted aid kind of focus model. And obviously, when there's a famine, people need help them in there. But why do famines keep happening again, and again, we need to look at longer term solutions that help empower the people on the ground, who are actually taking care of the land so that they can feed themselves build a sense of entrepreneurship and independence. And that's the work we do with the Fed and some of the other organizations we work with as well, just to be able to kind of move away from that handout. model. That is it isn't good for anyone, and it isn't good for the continent, its solutions, its solution base that we look at. And I think, you know, so with that framing, we don't find ourselves in the language of aid, you know, we find ourselves in the language of solutions and investment. Yeah. And making that that shift in the narrative is so important, because I grew up with that. Those commercials, and I grew up with a stigma. And I grew up with stigma that, you know, the rural people weren't hardworking, or just waiting for handouts, and absolutely not. I mean, my family's probably have 10 jobs each look at a dress, you know? And isn't this true? rural people work so hard, they just need the investment. It's just need the investment. And guess what the investment is good for all of us. Yeah, I was in Chicago, in northern Kenya, late last year, and saw that so, you know, farming people who'd lost their livestock because of the drought people, and I think you've said it very eloquently, who are the victims of climate change didn't cause climate change, or your normal, your tiny, infinitesimal contribution to climate change? Your so your perspective is East Africa, obviously, you know, it's like, I like this, this connection is like West Africa, East Africa, across the tracks, and both, we kept both ends. And it was actually screened his mother that, you know, really put us on to, you know, they're putting, putting aid for effect on our radar, right. It was Sabrina's mother who comes from a small, rural community who had farm to mouth, you know, and that was the existence and part of their growth. And it was a positive. I mean, sure, her pastoral memories are so beautiful. She talks about, you know, waking up every morning with her camels and being, you know, sort of in, in on just on the land and having the most the best days. And she she wanted to return to that, after coming to Canada in the 80s. I mean, she left before the war she wanted, she wanted to go back to enjoy that type of lifestyle. So I think your people and we see it now. I mean, there's this weird kind of, you know, if you if you have to go work in the agricultural sector, outside of the cities, like you're doing something wrong, as a young person, you should be going to urban areas, but no, actually, you know, the opportunity is in agriculture. And we're seeing when we go and do these visits now that young people get it, and they want that sense of entrepreneurship. And they're like, oh, okay, great. So how do we get out of the cities and go back, actually, and they find that their parents are quite more successful than they would have thought. But it's this nice shift back. But at the same time, you know, it only takes one drought or one flood or one catastrophe to to leave a catastrophic impact on people who are in these rural areas. So they can't do it alone. And it's the support that's needed to be able to not only mitigate climate change when it happens, but help people adapt and create solutions. We see so many solutions that I'm sorry, I'm going on right now, but we see. We want to hear I mean this because we in particular talking about smallholder farmers, what is what are the specific things? Because I hear you, I mean, I was there and it's clear that just you there is that aspect of it. Something needs to be done at places where they have had a year after year of drought. Yeah. And there's also this sustainability question, which, absolutely, so talk a little bit more about that in detail about what you use. Yeah. I mean, I, for me, it's it's innovation and it's tech and it's diaspora investing and it's probably It's actually investing and you know, in the philanthropic ventures will work in the interim, but we need private sector to come in and invest in these solutions. If you don't know what the weather's gonna be tomorrow, how are you supposed to farm, it's just simple, simple things. And you know, and a lot of the programs that I see on effect, it's those simple things that make these massive changes for people on the ground. And those are the stories that I take in so deeply when I hear, you know, a mother sent her children to school and bought this house, and she's like, the talk of the neighborhood, because she's got this slight piece of advanced technology compared to everyone else in the, in her rural community, it makes that much difference, and everyone wants a piece of it. But how do we all get ourselves involved in that innovation? And how do we all get ourselves involved in that tech because we can't just leave it to government and, and private sector, we need to look at ways that you know, address always talks about diaspora investing back in there. And you know, I love that you say this, and I'm sorry, I'm gonna steal this from you, I see a lot of things for me. You know, there's already a Disney, there's already a Warner Brothers, there's already there's already, you know, Virgin, there's, there's all these massive corporations outside of Africa, there's so much opportunity to have them in Africa. And you start that by investing in the youth, there's a growing budding population, so vibrant, so many ideas. I mean, we met with Global Shapers earlier today. And it was just like, they're all smarter than us, which is kind of like they should be and young people really know what they're doing. And when it comes with this sort of innovative framework of thinking, I'm like, these are the people that the world should be investing in, you need to think about Africa, and you think about where its population is going, it's gonna double, okay, and outside of just the food security conversation around, you know, investing in small farmers and making sure they can feed themselves and, and not rely on imports. Okay, there is the employment conversation, you know, and, you know, when you speak about farming, you're thinking about farms, but actually, the ecosystem around farming is everything from technology, as Sabrina says, startup industries communication, you know, if the industry of farming for a very long time as support in many sectors, and offers a lot of opportunities in the film industry, when you get one good idea, it unlocks other good ideas in the rest of the story. And that's what that's what farming for me is like, you can unlock the fact that you know, smallholder farmers who take up a lot of the land, who actually fight for their rights for the land, okay, but when they get them, they're empowered, they are a business and their partners or businesses. For me, it's really important, you know, like, this is a co op of thought, you know, we're we're all together, we're thinking together in farming, when the when the farmers talk together, and they form coops, they become much stronger, the yields are better, the practices are better, the communication is better. And then the pricing is better, because they're all doing the same thing. So that's why for us, you know, the smallholder farmer, it's a good idea in a bad script, and once we get it right, it will unlock many more good ideas, and then we can all watch a film and feel satisfied. I'm sorry, but make sense. You want that happy ending, and that there's so much more involved. When you're talking about agriculture, you're talking about gender, you're talking about climate you're talking about, like, all these things are so interconnected. And I think, you know, before it's trendy or, or whatever it is to start acting on these things, it's important to build our understanding around how the world is so interconnected, what food systems are, how do they work for us? Why are they so fragile? You know, and just to build that awareness, because if you're championing one cause, I guarantee you it's connected to another I was gonna say this is that that's how you've got to the climate change campaign that you are also sharing, right, we're both on the board, respectively at CEI, Conservation International Europe, with Sabrina and me in the in the American Board and, you know, it's all integrated into interrelated, you know, what we're realizing is that if we invest in small home holder, farmers and natural based solutions, you are enriching the ecosystems that you know, will absorb the the emissions basically and and the more we can feed that cycle, the better it is. So again, it's a unlocks other problems as well, but you can't have the Sabrina says all the time, we can't have a conversation about food about having a conversation about climate, because it is climate that is damaging and and stopping smallholder farmers as well as lack of investment from feeding themselves how And we can obviously see what happens when borders getting away. So when, you know, a war that happens in or an invasion that happens from Russia to Ukraine, and how that affects Africa in a crazy, crazy way, has nothing to do with climate until, well, they can't eat. They can't grow because the climate shifted. And you know, you know, smallholder farmers provide 80% of food, so at some juncture, and that cycle ended up in a restaurant near you. Okay. That's how it works. And that's, I think that's where II Fed has an incredible system of trying to amplify this. Agriculture isn't something that everyone, yeah, let's talk about farming. But what as we saw in the pandemic, food shortage is a real deal. It can happen. And it happened within that sort of 36, Sykes, those six months cycle where food banks in LA, with cool people in California at food banks, because they couldn't buy food. So this is why it's important for you know, for all of us to sort of have that understanding of it, education, and then lobbying, governments lobbying changemakers lobbying investors to kind of think about the solutions, looking at effect, looking at companies like CI that kind of go, Okay, here's how we can do this. You know, yeah. This conversation, let's see if anyone has a bet people do. Yeah, go Yeah. I think I'm from Alex Eaton from Mexico, I run an organization called sistema bio. And we work with smallholder farmers all over the world providing technology investment. And recently, we've been able to channel a lot of climate funding to farmers. But we believe that the market based solutions are really important. One of the things that we fight a lot against is that the perception of a smallholder farmer is one that's almost synonymous with poverty in Mexico, it's the compass, you know, in, in Kenya, for example, where our biggest offices is this perception of going to the city as being the smart decision. And so what a lot of our local teams are always asking me to do is find representatives to convince people that farming is cool. It's dignified, it's important. So we talked about farm heroes and finding representative. So it's a pitch. I'm almost there. I got me, in Kenya, but I'm just curious in your communities. Is it something that you think finding other representatives to put voice and talk about smallholder farming is something that's really important, because I fed does a fabulous job talking about agriculture from from in a very technical way. But I think it is also important that mainstream voices talk about, you know, we've even talked to people about producing movies where, you know, smallholder farmers are in not just in the background as scenery, but actually protagonists and that sort of thing. So I'm curious within your communities, if this idea of, you know, I guess celebrity representation, and that sort of thing is something where, you know, getting down to the ground and convincing Africa. I mean, I'm always told in Kenya that it has to be a football player or someone but I'm just curious about more of a movement to represent that because we actually need the farmers themselves to believe that they're heroes that they're doing really, really important work. And just curious, your thoughts on how to get more people involved in that? It's actually a great question. So yeah, it's an important one, it's the president of our of a fad, and I and Sabrina are having these really detailed conversations around advocacy, and what it looks like and how it shifts. In fact, you know, what is the brand language of farming? Do we know that we know what the brand language of McDonald's is, right? What is the brand language of farming? And what do we do for that? And it seems like it's like okay, well, why don't we just amplify it, tell some stories around it. But I think it's about the people. We got to populate the faces the people, the character, we can't just brand them as farmers, smallholder farmers, these are people these are communities and we have to give them name we have to give them we have to give story character and understanding and we have to good old fashioned media good old fashioned marketing. You know we were talking earlier about advocacy and how you know, I want to bring Idris and I want to bring a mini Idris and I want to bring another mini ages and someone you know because I want to bring people that are ready for that many, many I'm talking about, I want to bring like 100 journalists kind of talking about, you know, big, loud voices that feel as passionate as I do that are from those communities that are, you know, can tell these stories better than I can not just, you know, we should have four more seats here. Because it isn't just fair. It's just interesting, Sabrina, we don't come from the farms that we're talking about. We should have other voices. That to your point, I think it's a really, really good question. It's a really good thing for us to think about, you know, we have to find the farming McDonald's model, whatever that is. Yeah. And I and I think, you know, we always make a point to say that we never want to feel like we're in a room speaking for rural people. We're speaking with rural people. And it's about finding ways that everyone can speak with them. And there is a young African artists, they Mr. Easy, who's really cool, who works with E fat as well. And he did this Tik Tok campaign with E fat about encouraging young people to look at agriculture as an entrepreneurial venture. And it was so successful, and it's just about finding the right voice. For the right audience add, I think you make such a good point. It might not even be a celebrity, it could just be someone that is admired for the success story that they have in that same field. But we always try because it just does make a good point. If you're going to talk about anything, and you do have a platform to make sure you know what you're talking about. Because, yes, hope it does. Because it can become really easy to derail the efforts of an organization that's worked so hard if you come up and use his soapbox to just you know, flaunt and whatever it is that you want to fought for some, you know, kind of virtue raising type thing. So we we support organizations that we are passionate about, that we care about, it's not hard to care about the continent, you just said how beautiful it was, you got to go to Kenya, so you gotta eat. I mean, I was gonna ask you what you love about East Africa, because it is beautiful. It's something I love. And I love the people like I find mice, I'm always in East Africa, and I'm in Kenya looks I found me there. I'm in Somalia a lot. But it is sometimes harder to get to where I'm from in Somalia. And I just like the beauty, it's like, there's, you can't convince me there's a more beautiful place on this planet than Kilifi. I don't know if you guys have been to Kilifi Kenya. It's unbelievable. And I'm trying to it just went without me. And I'm trying to get it to go together. Try to do that every now and again. It is the to drop a trip to Freetown one time kind of you know without? Yeah, exactly. Oh, yeah. No, I could probably couldn't he's tracking me on my phone. Before I do. Any more questions. I'm really keen to open the dialogue. You look like you have one. Okay. My name is John. I'm from Canada. With a microphone coming. Actually, John, if you're just really excited meeting Canadian Canadian conspiracy, and I agree with you on Kenya and Somalia. I've been all over Africa while the world and they're at the top. We work a lot with farmers in in Canada and elsewhere. And one of the things we constantly hear is that the challenge is on the consumer side. And all of us as food consumers don't pay enough for what we're consuming, and don't understand enough about what goes into it and what we require. But through regulations. Do you think much and talk much about us as consumers and curious what your thoughts are on how we can we can be better contributors to all all that you've been speaking about? Yeah, I think that's it's such an important part of the puzzle, the consumer power in you know, buying smart buying local, supporting farmers in your area that big agro has some problems that need to be fixed. And those can only be fixed pressures applied in the right way. And I think that's absolutely through consumer power. But that's also a journey that we we ourselves are on educating ourselves about what it is that we're eating, because everything's so convenient. Now. It's like you buy a bag of chips, where the potatoes come from where did you know, it's so important to make yourself aware of that issue, but when it comes to how we spread that that issue, I actually self admittedly have difficulty in that in that area. I don't know how best to communicate that when I speak to one of my best friend is a Canadian farmer. You know, she's literally in Mandeville, Saskatchewan right now. You know, and when talking to her family, and then hearing how we work with rural farmers, like you know, there's so many interconnectivity ease and, and how do you approach these conversations in the right way, I'm still looking, if anyone knows the right avenues or the right forums to be able to make those connectivities for everyday people because once you make that connection, people get it. You know, when it once it affects your food and what you're eating, you have so much more of an appreciation for where the food is coming from. So I think this is an important point. It's tough and with what we're facing many people with the Cost of living and that kind of stuff rates, it's hard. If you want things to be cheaper, you don't want to pay more for food. Yeah, I think there's some really interesting lessons to be taken from the cocoa industry and what's happened there, we've sort of, you know, fair trade. And, you know, I don't think has been taken far enough. And it's not been taken far enough, because the Big Five chocolate companies are very, very powerful. It's all about money at the end of the day, but it needs to come down to, you know, the government's need to apply some power to conscious consumers, we want to be fair, I think, I think there is a level of consciousness around the food we buy, if we know that it's come from farm to table, and we have to pay a little bit of a premium for that. And that, you know, spreads the wealth. I think people will embrace that. But the actual communications around that are just minimalized. Of course, they're minimalize because you've got big conglomerates, who can just pay to suppress that? I think there just needs to be a little bit of innovation around it. I think a little bit of lobbying. Social media is a really amazing tool to just raise your awareness. So yeah, I think I think it's a great, I love hearing you talk. I was just gonna say that to him. But no, I think I find the same problem in fashion, where we want to sort of outcasts fast fashion as the bad guy. And you know what, I'm talking about more sustainable or greener practice in fashion, you can't forget about the single mother with five children who can only afford to go to h&m, I'm sorry, fast fashion is the only option. And it's the same in food. You know, when I was growing up, we ate McDonald's a lot. And my mom knew it wasn't the best for us. But sometimes that was all we could get. Because it was cheap, and cheerful and easy. So you need to find a way to to have these conversations, not excluding anybody else. It's just so interesting, to have that authenticity and to talk about your early life. And then what's your answer? How do you talk to families, you just don't leave anyone out, you understand that it's so much more complex than I'll only buy organic and only shop at Whole Foods, because it's great. It's not, it's there, it's not an option for everybody. And that's just the reality of it. So then we need to go outside of the individuals. Look at government, what kind of policies can be implemented around healthy food choices, particularly in schools for young people? It's so much bigger than the individual consumer, but the individual consumers is such a massive piece. And I think the coalition of farms sorry, I know, you've got a question. I know you've got a question too. But the coalition of farms is important, you know, farmers having the strength to say, no, no, no, no, we're all going to stay at the same price. We're all going to try and raise our value and be respected. And I need support around you know, from all of us. I'd say I don't think we have time for any more. That gentleman is very patiently more question one more. Okay, great. Can we make the questions into two? Yeah, can we do two at the same time at the same time i My mind's very cricket actually follows on from that nice comment from the Canadian you need to go on the government level. So in Switzerland we pay $100 for a kilo. 2.2 pounds in American British pounds. Okay. Not the money the way we pay a very high price for for meat here. It's subsidized. We subsidize the smallholdings. I know it's a different level. But it's done through governmental level. And when I go back to my home country, in Britain and Wales and Scotland, all the farmers are now trying to cut out the middleman sell their produce locally, and so on. And this is really a way in the in the richer countries to go to really give the farmers respect, which is what you say. So they can move forward. So it needs to be at a higher level a policy level. Great. Thank you for that gentleman there. Just stand up. Yeah, thank you. I'm Nimrod from a vital capital. We invest in food in Africa, heavily invested. And all through smallholder farmers, we work with 40,000, smallholder farmers. We've talked about I heard you talking about the success and the needs, of course, there's a lot of needs and the success of the small farmers. I think that if we want to propel this industry, we have to talk about the success of the investors as well. And there's a lot of investors, private investors and private funds like us, that invest through smallholder farmers and do good returns for them in for the investors. I wanted to ask if you emphasize this as well, because I think this is the opportunity to mobilize a lot of private investment into the industry. Absolutely. You know, success stories, you need the proof of concept to you know, de risk, in some sense for other investment to come in. I think it's so important. Yeah, I think that the interface in between countries, smallholder farmers, governments and private sector needs to be readdressed needs to be incentivized to work way better. Africa is open for business left, right and center. It's really is and if you ignore that market space, you might as well ignore a whole chunk of your future quite frankly, because it is we've heard it before. I've sort of of breadbasket. But I do absolutely agree that there needs to be better sort of setups for private sector to be able to participate and grow and grow. And I think that the Aspera actually have a keen sort of role to play in that. Personally. Can I ask what you're doing about it to? And how are you showcasing to other investors and businesses, we, we're, first of all have our financial results, then we can show that true working and to investing in smallholder farmers, be it macadamia and Kenya, dairy in Uganda or agroindustrial. Center in West Africa, Angola and other places. So they double or triple their income. Our investors make returns, you know, that they could they that they outperform we outperform other funds. So that's an alternative for investor money, and, and about stories and branding. I mean, we are very happy to see an entrepreneur coming with a Lexus and a Rolex to work because that's the example that young people will want to follow. But it is so important to publish those that data and that's done those success stories and to share those stories. Yeah, I think we're probably out of time. I'll keep talking. If you don't know we could just thank you both very much. It's just a real pleasure. 

