We are all aware that this is the largest refugee crisis in the 21st century, we have 18 million people in Ukraine that are in need of humanitarian support. 6 million people are internally displaced. There are repeated attacks throughout the country that have left millions of people without electricity, water supply or heating. With temperatures now below zero, more and more people need help with basic needs. And in September, last year, you launched the Alaina Zelensky Foundation, which was really looking at how you can, of course respond to this emergency but also restore a human capital of Ukraine. So we're here to talk about that a little in more detail, the structure of the discussion will be that I'll ask a few questions myself to get us started. And then, of course, we would love to also get some questions from our colleagues here in the audience, just to say that it is really focusing on on the topics that I just mentioned. We recognize that there may be, of course, curiosity around some military and political issues. But of course, Madam First Lady, this is her specific focus. So hopefully, we can we can mainly focus on that. So let me start with the foundation. The foundation works across the areas of healthcare, education and humanitarian aid. So if you could tell us a little more about the latest humanitarian situation, and what is the foundation doing to address some of those needs on the ground? Thank you, I will speak Ukrainian but we have our interpreter she'll help you. So simply whether your spirit knows to you a humanitarian and satiety your guardian deserves credit union. So I will start with the humanitarian situation in Ukraine right now. This is a one year problem on Bucha COVID-19, the VA needs permission years sober Lavanya Bucha. Interesting story, developing Lavanya, restorative Zara as a car that they use to be to improve Indian nationality. Apart from overall problems that we have in a country, which is the country more such as IDPs destruction of housing, infrastructure and ruination of people's lives. Russia is adding more and more trials for our country and the Predict near future I could see zoomy when they put to the news, YouTube and then additional infrastructure on the web is the role of the National Day for the 10 at the start of the winter, they started ruining our infrastructure to make sure that the country descends into darkness and to move this forward with a yachtie data recovery program with the dual Zappone problem the delay says chip requirements diploma electrical battery human ignatia Crane as a as a kid covered in underground MIT electric Can you want them Nicki Nadella colleges quality is actually just one thing you need to deal with the limitation of resources. So when I talked about humanitarian dimension, and this is what I mean by him, because what I call humanitarian assistance, as I mentioned, human dimension and overall from the back from the overall problems that we're experiencing. Now there's a problem with heating electricity. In many regions of our country, people are getting electricity burned a few hours a day. And in those regions that are close to the frontlines, they are completely cut off from any infrastructure whatsoever that's ya know that's exactly what no honey butter availability that is before the local government territory down here No, that was Russia. Just wait let me know and the good income Ableton Live session short for Nasik crypto sleep long enough. So the foundation is helping to meet the needs of these people who are still in the D occupied territories. These people are often living in half destroyed homes and we're doing everything we can to provide warmth and light for them. So much of that is chosen for visiting Rotterdam seropositive and demonstrate support the spine initiative February module The game isn't accepted and let it draw doctor was Bravo other snippets of your day last year became as low as three men the process gram of atashi peridinium way for the summer team the content of hubris avoided the deluxe version. This can be anything it can be diesel generators, heaters of any current climate, sleeping bags, even self made iron stoves where people can work themselves. There are even firewood and food, but we don't just get things together we make sure that the things we have got these people actually reached those who needed saving time in the moment because it has really shown the table of additional support and special needs in the world champ Burton national home edition was it a moment that said Maga T would you be a good observers, no kidding grandmother may give us offs in the Maya in additional solutions. So that sparked the humanitarian assistance. What's more for life to come back to the communities we need to provide people with adequate health care. Unfortunately, since the start of the war, our enemy have been destroying our healthcare, infrastructure and facilities. And what the foundation does is to rebuild those medical facilities that are desperately needed by the people in these communities. To get nowhere near Misko, liccardi Misuzu maybe to be children. Apparently no absorb all the visuals stood this issue they are chromatic. The number two parts here, which is with given these two words in color quantify what the numbers are going to come out of times that will show us typically in Quebec to our younger students, they also boost historiques de Baca to chance, internship other notation, he says, to me says, send me stuff. Same thing with young person the chair or the trigger with the with the new car. Esse was initially is the holder, my daughter was appointed by the partners economically it was a double check. The terms were to speak to me so sure, so Arauco was gotten way more protected and so on. I will give you an example, the Dow hospital of zoom in a zoom, around 100,000 People live before the war, it was then occupied. Unfortunately, most of the buildings, most of the infrastructure in the town was destroyed. When the enemy was retreating, and the Russians looted the hospital. nothing and nothing much is left. However, the doctors of the hospital stayed and even these conditions they continue to work. I can tell you a number of different personal stories with unfortunately, we don't have time for them today. But what I wanted to say is go live to return to the style. And to these people, we need hospitals. Fortunately, we are already finding and have found partners who have joined us in their efforts to restore these medical facilities and we hope that this year this project will be implemented. And shield now is squared away for the final frontier. When we do programmatic sales. The end result is just a stem of Ukrainian breakthrough and attack economic threats rather than my ability to write a budget Ukrainian should just test your liquids to recap number one. Number two, just follow the people in my cubicle at the moment we prepare a lot of details online, that it's a global, you're crazy enough to just go to the other massage chairs and receive them as you see them and take them to another important component of any normal life in any community is education. Unfortunately, the system and the dedication system in our country is not currently working as a green shirt because the schools are constantly being shelled and those schools that are not equipped with bomb shelters cannot function. So two thirds of our children are currently studying online. As I'm sure you remember during during the COVID lock downs. This happened everywhere. But our children unfortunately because of our aggressive labor have to continue to remain in this lockdown during combat All right, is that the spreadsheet? No do not have to delete a key production to take them out of the day. Yes, those reports frequently say either get your CSS version Ukrainian over to this new chicken or your comm. And search this news and the bullets here, as long as they're distinct see local versus national by the supermarket on E produto. Pachala. This isn't yet taking it from that budget slowcore Establish seaspan. So this is why the foundation is providing laptops for our teachers who continue to teach. I already mentioned this example. I really like it. And maybe you have seen this as well, because it went viral all over the Ukrainian social networks. It's a video of a teacher in the middle of St. ankle deep in snow with a laptop continuing to teach a lesson because this is where she was able to find where to find Wi Fi near supermarket. So this is what we need to do. We need to help people like that the foundation is doing everything. It was like our First Lady, thank you. I think you've described very well now some of the things that are needed. How can people that are watching us now around the world? How can they get involved with your foundation as opposed to going to the National Society you've seen it not every good, good repost of the project. You just got to change and that's known as a multi process volume costing was it on your proposal Center at Motorola international dramatic year? Last year that year is a it's a record is no good to review the people to people to do the portrait. This was not a coven and approval it was reversed. To push for a sense of direction which started another one Grammar School Board premier Academy Award Tuesday grammar book review criteria from the Gods command module night physician about CSF as we listen to Mr. Chavez Molina in a week they said we'd like the more minutes that the doula practice that the child is with you at the moment the rich Krishna, yes, shares of Teresa. So Linda, my mother matches gravity keep Washington. And as you know, she got married, if you put the youth now suit as a young adult who hasn't yet been achieved it between them. So they might say something, but you're a champion must be my enemy team. says to the losers? Well, that's actually very easy. You can find the areas that we work with on our website, I think it's very easy to help when you want to help and we don't just collect money, we actually are accountable, we report about how we use every penny that we receive, there's actually a very interesting option. It's called people to people. If you're interested in helping a particular school, if you if you're interested in so to speak, adopting a particular school or region, we can even organize, we can do that for you. Okay, we can even organize a physical visit for you if you're brave enough to visit Ukraine at the moment. So I think it's very easy. Just join us. Any guide to help was useful. Like I said, it's not just a goal to collect money we receive help inclined, for example, our partners provide us with the products they generate themselves. We help out in Portugal, who provides us with gas heaters. So once again, it's not a goal to just collect money, every help is useful. Thank you, man. First Lady, I was fortunate enough to be with you in one of the proceedings this morning where we met with CEOs that are either already supporting Ukraine or are ready to support the upgrade in the future. I think there was a resounding consensus that we can't wait to not only start talking about reconstruction, but actually investing in reconstruction until sometime in the future. We need to we need to do it now. You've had other engagements very busy agenda. So how would you describe your experience here at the annual meeting? Has it in one way or has it contributed to your efforts and update of your foundation and then I'll go to borrow literature confidence in international standards cultures and ostrich Scribner commercio. You will look it was not on the Quran says this chair has been very much a Muslim Colin needs to be trimmed to Ukrainian he says Cheers It's a company's diversity wouldn't you run COVID Ostrich him involves removing that they should in summary opinions and even humanitarian markets even Mr. Romney the promo said even the promo head co authors from grains Graham economic II yes just leave us to prep them. The DBQ was the porno and you're outta baccata plenty for tea roots yeah also Bluetooth key message it can be simple it is truly with receive Shan Oceania muy muy Moresby the data protests at the bottom of the move with notable Disha Zara's nechako chain that the colors are clean should set up see Rosemead potential extra mana Bucha now I'm assuming is after what is that piece now? It reconstructs didn't know when your grain it's in the process of it but over the horseshoes run on a bit Nobbling visual verbal muster UFC motor Lewis Yeah, those which have and continue to witness news was the coach the Bucha, budget Dojo baccata potensi network narrative used to retell the red lizard lizards and I would like to share my impressions of the summit and of the conference. Actually, we feel massive support. And we saw this in the meeting this morning with the CEOs and the international organization, this meeting is testament to that, we see an interest in helping you grow. In fact, this interest is very insincere. At the meeting this morning, of course, we were not talking about humanitarian assistance, we were talking about things on a different level, it was more about inter governmental support, and about helping whole sectors of the Ukrainian economy. And I'm very happy to see that there's a number of projects already, that are either being planned or already being implemented. A very clear message that we heard is that we shouldn't be talking about what we will do when the war ends. We're actually everyone already understands that we need to start about today, the talking about it today, because tomorrow will be too late. Reconstruction and Ukraine is not just going back to how it was before we hear it all the time, we need to rebuild better than then in the past, we'll build back but better. And in fact, this renewal, it will mean a more profound change in a more profound sense. And I'm really inspired but what I see here today because I can see a lot of potential partners who are helping us planning to help us are already implementing important projects. Thank you so much. Now the floor is open for a few questions. So I see the lady there and then lady there. Thank you so much for coming all the way to meet us. My name is Juan Singh reporter from China. And yesterday as a special address you mentioned that you would deliver a letter to the Chinese delegation. Can you tell us a little bit more about the letter thank you so much. Deputy energy replacement listing that's probably the full list President okra Yuna. criminate calm there's gonna Regnerus public finances in Pinna events a provider of credit score for Momoiro. This is punctae of Yuki Bochy to Karina the taco shop double the buta Where is if ik Swati Johanna Marina Oh, no prostitution, and yet the most should say above rest. The approaching at the yellow butcher it dollars per device has to say rest with the mighty. Thank you very much for your question. In fact, I don't read other people's letters. But what I can tell you is that it was a letter that we address the president of Ukraine addressed to the Chinese leader Mr. Xi Jinping. It followed the 10 point peace formula, which was introduced by the President of Ukraine in which he talks about how to win peace and how to maintain how to sustain this peace in the international space. I think it was a gesture of an invitation to dialogue. And I hope very much that there will be a response to this invitation. Thank you. Thank you. So Madam over there and then a gentleman here Mr. Solinsky. You told us yesterday that Can you introduce yourself please? Okay, I'm from the Austin Broadcasting Corporation Malian flats Mesa is my name. Thank you. Sorry. You told us about the children who were brought to Russia and adopted by force. Is there any chance to get them back and what could be done now nice quad Nisha truck ad expenditure problems equals RS message Docomo Zippy chest stretch navini. Tamasha Zosima marshwood Nadia Lohana temos Rosianna. To be honest, this is one of the worst This is one of the most horrific things in this brutal war because we have absolutely no no dialogue on this matter with the Russians. Next is up to the acumen that we see. Mostly with Jerrel when inevitably the diet well last year, probably isn't up there homecare, dog, skill kitten motorable. digitated kill Kathy CGT and wouldn't refer to Marsha Vinay and Nia torch nama Alam medicinal mushrooms rismedia exactly the hole that Rajnikant for my two nights just he has Nash trouble coin of Chaura Nash that Shakira sim Yoko the album Nirvana president is probably the to the pivot dollars chore clicker this year to give detail Chara below poverty. Now Christina let's say this person is spared security with critical jello yucky because it critic gees to hobo Nehemiah you came to know where to start and when to camo sidbury Yeah, Mala was a mistress mobile and random Sanitarium an amputee or a sham? You just gotta to know that as the module Bucha feminists chose Eve Renzetti Nazi yet this type now. Believe it or not the regressive left is most of the you roof with these two homies they've never got a stove Tasha detai shuba terrorist motive is this reminder more yet kidnap and Tamasha to deconstruct Nicolaitans Nash. That CGT tonus as an FPV die needs to mature mature Ross COVID. The protester Ustinov lewd objection as Greenskins ecan adapts Tom bears Spitzer on directly might pretend the more relevant mobile question is no more yet you more innovative any request that we send through any channels did not come back with an answer. Our approximate estimation is that several 1000 Children are currently being held in Russia. But I don't want to tell you any numbers because I'm not sure that they're exact. We don't really know where and how to look for information. Unfortunately, fortunately, fortunately, I know that just yesterday, our represented presidential representative on the rights of child informed us that a several dozen children were returned from Russia to Ukraine. But every time this kind of thing happens that requires special efforts on special. It's a special operation. Basically, there is no open dialogue or no action on that side. We have tried knocking on every door but unfortunately, we haven't had much result. I have spoken personally to the general secretary or secretary of the UN. Mr. Gutierrez and to be completely honest with you, I don't think that even the UN has enough influence over the aggressor country to change the situation. It seems that the Russians are using our children as hostages. It's it kidnapping, we can't really call it anything else. And it's horrific not to know where the children are and who is looking after them. They're being put up for adoption, but this is not in accordance with any Ukrainian laws. This is not following any proper procedure. And it's a horrific situation. We don't know how to look how to find a solution to it. Thank you. I think we're coming close to an end. So this will gentleman here and then the lady there and then we'll finish so over to thank you very much Stefan Lance, 20 minutes Switzerland and We have learned about this helicopter crash this morning, near Kyiv. I wanted to know what are your thoughts on the crash and the victims and maybe you have more information already on the cause of the crash. Thank you very much no matter what new Sheldon is roughly the new peak Jonas, you Christina. My butchers. Volkmar has developed a system of motion on the Jehovah's Witness to eliminate the crime according to the Raza Glennis tetrahedron so what Nia Yokota scrofa zebra Latina de Fleur de que le t with tomo Lita quartz a kidney stone, national ministers of nutrition expert of Assam ministry was to open again lenasia Helicopter F pub na very detaches yourself guide them that you know what liquidity she hasn't got as human observers Niemeyer the status Chabot Whistler this way mucha Musa when you see the Como niche in Estonia, do reverse COVID squared that a donkey another word, you have to see an emotional response. The lawmakers did comment for much too much too, and they never would you know, would revert that seriously during a chomo. Cedric Adium Stylism. Unfortunately, is just another horrible day for Ukraine. From the outside. It may seem that we must be used to it by now. But unfortunately, we're not. And this is another tragedy. This tragedy took away the lives of the people who are not only the people who are in the helicopter, which is the leadership of the Ministry of the Interior, including the minister and his deputies. The helicopter crashed into the kindergarten just outside the kindergarten unfortunately killed several kids. Honestly, I don't have the strength to express my emotions right now. I don't think I can put some words together to talk about it. And if I can't give you any more additional information it because I don't have it. An investigation will be held and we will find out the reasons of this for this tragedy. Motor ticket that that is for your service to which was supposed to do to Deborah's now appalling fan administrate laminates. She rescues also based on the personal level that the only thing I can say is that I personally knew the minister very well. And for me, this is particularly hard, because it's a personal blow as well. Thank you. And the last question from the lady there and that will conclude. Thank you, Mr. Wonka for your time. My name is Yasmine Serhan. I'm a staff writer at Time magazine. In a in a tweet, I think sometime this week, you mentioned how you were getting a lot of questions about Ukraine fatigue, and you've touched you've touched on how there is, of course, a lot of interest in Ukraine. But I wanted to ask you how concerned are you by the by the possibility of Ukraine fatigue and is it something that you've seen in this forum compared to the last year due to just appetite probably brain fatigue the urine and potential minutia of trauma to Hapa tiny niches Nakata tubes I believe toma with stormy sea flu day Yeah, give them a civil Ukraine. I'm often asked about the Ukraine fatigue and to be completely honest with you I already have the fatigue of the questions about the fatigue of the people who may be fatigued from the Ukraine fatigue What did you say Simon Stallman never provides a model just because that the feminine ketchup which has minimal assignment or drama because Allah prof Tom, it's a word Tilty protest Shan moto Liberty patania is another separate big Shinya Muslim it's It's Justin Uttarkashi CO is infamous scene a propaganda aggressor at the Michigan Abuja cartoon show. Visit Tom Woods vividness. But, to be honest, at this summit, I did not see the signs of fatigue. Although even at the previous summit, we were already talking about the possibility of the Ukraine fatigue. To me it seems like an exaggeration. I think this may be a part of the warfare, information warfare because I think our enemy would be very happy if the people who are fatigued from Ukraine on Sylvester Murray evening yesterday with the dark shadow Ribbit Yocto Musyoka into the process of overwrite the process relative to this show Buddha Columbo Tomomi sells the torch now Yup, nicotine budget. It's a 10 year don't sure if Dropseed innovative budget it's a thing. But can you just imagine then how Ukrainians are tired, how they are fatigued. But we don't only talk about it, we have to live this situation. Imagine what this day will be like when the Ukrainians are fatigued. I wouldn't want to see it. I don't think it'd be good for Ukraine or the world. Madam First Lady, thank you so much. This brings us to a close thank you so much for being here for this session. And thank you so much for joining us at the annual meeting. Thank you. Thank you for Your moderation. Thank you. 

