Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's for me particularly great pleasure to continue what we did already in the past to have a dialogue with Satya Nadella, who I don't have to introduce him, probably is a highly, it's the most regarded and respected leader in industry and chairman and CEO of Microsoft. So just when should you have a question or a comment? Please stand up and mention your name. But let me let me start with the discussion with us, Satya. And it seems when we look at the fourth industrial revolution set now in technological development, when you look at the S curve, we are really at the point where we have exponential development, we see just look at the announcements over the last weeks artificial intelligence quantum computing. And I could go on and on now. Satya, you are at the forefront of socio technological developments in many ways. And what do you see what major shifts will come out of this of those developments? And I mean, what will be the final result of also straight omics. Now, first of all class, it's fantastic to be back here and have this conversation. And I think you described it well, which is, where are we on the S curve? And, interestingly enough, I sort of think about it as there's one Eska, where we are at the tip, where it's now about deployment, diffusion mainstream. In fact, one of the things I think a lot about is in a time like this, where let's just say with all of the macroeconomic challenges, or take even inflation, I think it's showtime for us, even in the tech industry, to really say, okay, how can software, for example, be a deflationary force so that every business can do more with less. So there's one side of it, which is real deployment of technology so that we can use the most malleable resource we have, in order to tame some of the inflationary forces. A good example to just give you one is, you know, there's a, you know, take what Unilever is done with their lights out manufacturing with digital twins, it was great during the pandemic as a way to do manufacturing where remotely, but more importantly, in silico, they're able to simulate and reduce energy costs, water wastage, and other wastage. So therefore, that's a good example of doing more with less. So that's one side. The other side is something like artificial intelligence. If you look at it, it's at the beginning of a new S curve. And that's the fun fun part of being in the tech industry where there are certain technologies that are reaching maturity that need to get deployed and show real results. And then we now have essentially emergence of a completely new set of technology, which I think is going to be a revolutionary. Your say, it will be a revolution. I think we all feel it will be a revolution. But so it's a certain fear, particularly about artificial intelligence. People feel it, this humanizes us and so on. Now, what steps do we need actually, to make sure, so those technologies, particularly artificial intelligence, remains society oriented and human centered? Yeah, I mean, I think it's a great point. And I think a very important consideration, and quite frankly, a design consideration. In fact, one of the things we think a lot about is how to deploy this technology, to empower human beings to do more. So for example, like on New Year's Day, I saw this tweet by Andre Karpati, who is an ex founder of the autopilot group at Tesla, who said, you know, a, an AI developer. And so he sort of referenced perhaps the biggest product that made a difference in his life in the last 12 months was the get up copilot we had launched last year. So So here's a software developer using tools and saying, now get up copilot is generating 80% of his code. So that doesn't mean Andre is not writing new code and being at his creative best. It just so happens that now he has 80% leverage in doing what he's doing. He's still the pilot. He does have a co pilot. So that's why I even like the branding of what we did there because I think it helps put the pilot in charge charge and the copilot helping the pilot. But that's one example like give you an another anecdote which for me perhaps was the most revealing of what can happen. I was in India at the beginning of January. And I saw this demo clouds in India, one of the things that's very exceptional that's happening is digital public goods that are getting built for identity payment, many systems and one of the Digital Public goods that is getting built is for language translation, right? So basically, they have an open source project, so that anybody building any application in India can translate between any language in Indian, any Indian language. So a demo I saw was a rural Indian farmer trying to access some government program, right. So he just expressed a complex thought, in speech in one of the local languages that got translated and interpreted by a bot and a response came back saying go to a portal, and here's how you will access the program. He said, Look, I'm not going to go to the portal, I want you to do this for me, and it completed it. And the reason why it was able to complete it was because it, they had that developer building, it had taken GPT and trained it over all of the government of India documents, and then scaffolded it with the speech recognition software. So think about what that meant, right? That basically meant that a large model, a foundation model that was developed in the West Coast of the United States a few months before, had made its way to do a developer in India, who then sort of added value to it to make a difference in remote villages life. And I've never seen that type of diffusion to your point about the Industrial Revolution clouds. You know, I would say, you know, we're still waiting for the industrial revolution to reach some large parts of the world. 250 years after the internet maybe took 30 years. Maybe the cloud and mobile took 15 years. And now I think we're talking months, which to me, I think is perhaps the benefit doesn't mean to your core question. We shouldn't take something like aI safety as a core consideration, right, you know, at the design time. And so therefore, even when we launch these API's, which we did this week, one of the key things is the API's have safety built into it for harmful content, or the context in which they use. So a lot of work needs to go into it still. But we think of both the unintended consequences, and the benefits, both being something that we harnessed. So you feel so GPG, and similar technology will become very fast. penetrating our lives, business lives, but also personal lives. Yeah, I think about, you know, we all remember in 2007 2008, the bug, so that was the last time I would say we had major platforms being born, right, the mobile platform, and the Cloud Platform. And you know, in the last 15 years, they've gone mainstream, we're still I would say, you know, still in the throes of its penetration. But it's significantly understood that this technology is making a real difference. I think that the AI piece in this particular generation of AI, is showing that type of I'd say platform shift, and just to kind of give you an intuition cloud as to what exactly happened, like, why are we talking about AI in January of 23? After all, we were talking about it last year, but there seems to be even I had not expected if you'd asked me last month coming to where would I be talking about AI this much. But it turns out that, you know, even the chat GPT moment as I think captured people's imagination, but we started the work with open AI IoT can a half years ago, when we started building the AI supercomputer in Azure to train these large models. So in fact, the workload of this particular form of AI requires a complete rethink, even in the system architecture of the computing infrastructure. And we did that hard work and train these models. And when you look at GPT 3235, to what's coming. These are nonlinear developments. So they're showing emergent capability. And I'm not saying this is the last model architecture, innovation, there will be more to come. But the fact is that these things by themselves are becoming platforms that I think truly can make a difference. Let's see, I really see the audience I raise a question, Who of you has made already his own personal experience with GPT? Sets? It shows the sophistication of the audience. Now, there is another technology which we demonstrate here and we actually do it in cooperation in partnership with Microsoft and with Accenture. But we have 7080 km Companies in a consortium behind it are behind us. It's a global collaboration village, which is suffers. Poverty is a first Metaverse application for public good. What are your thoughts about it? Satya? First of all, I think the vision you've had clouds around here using this new technology of Metaverse and these immersive experiences, to bring the world together to both have that sense of community presence. And collaboration, I think is just absolutely needed, right? I mean, if I think about what is special about Davos, it's about the ability for multiple stakeholders to come, convene, learn debate come out of it with energy on what they can do to change the world. And so to some degree, to say that if there's some new technology that can, for example, really bring this global collaboration village to life, where not only can people collaborate, when they hear, but it can be an ongoing thing, I think it's fantastic. So I think if it goes, I would encourage everyone to go see the exhibits. Because I feel the thing that is most for me, Game Changing about this particular technology is that sense of presence one has right, which is when you're even virtually interacting, I think during the pandemic, all of us obviously did a lot of video meetings. And I think it has definitely got us through the pandemic. And I think they're going to be very much part of our lives. And I think of this as a very natural extension of it. Because beyond video meetings, if you can have more immersive experiences where that presents, the CO presence can be felt, you can understand the impact of any of these hot topics that we're talking about. I think that can be pretty game changing. So I think it's a brilliant idea. I'm glad to be partnered with you on it. And I would really encourage everyone to participate. Let me just see who has participated. It's a demonstration. So So haven't icing have still an opportunity to do so. But let me come back, Satya to an issue which we discussed also last time, it's cybersecurity. We discussed it every year. And it seems that it gets every year worse. And it's undermining actually this trust into the digital system. So what can we do we have any chance to enhance the bust into our digital infrastructure? Yeah. I think you said it well, because in substance as digital technology gets much more pervasive in our sort of economy and in our life. The unfortunate consequence of it is also cybercrime. And in cybersecurity issues are on the rise. In fact, I think it was a great panel today, from what I understand on some critical infrastructure. In fact, if you look at what Microsoft has done in the case of Ukraine, or Albania, these are all well recorded at this point in terms of the work we had to do to protect essentially critical infrastructure and even nation states that are under threat. But to your point, interesting enough, you phrased it right, which is, in order for us to have trust, and security, you have to have an approach, which is zero trust, which is kind of the paradox. In fact, the way the security community talks about the best way for you to have security is to assume breach, and then think about your defense, if you will. And so therefore we have at Microsoft developed an end to end infrastructure, whether it's from identity to the endpoint security, to application security, to the infrastructure security with the zero trust architecture, but not only that, we are we see trillions of signals, right, because at the end of the day, it's an intelligence game. And so we are taking the intelligence slash signals we have, and using it actively, right. The only reason why we were able to intervene in the Ukrainian situation was because we saw the signals long before even the attacks, and therefore we were able to then help evacuate, essentially the Ukrainian government into the cloud. And so those are the kinds of proactive action that we have to take, I think in order to protect so the operational security posture of every organization, every nation, every public, you know, critical infrastructure institution is going to be very, very important. But how do we explain that most of the companies are not yet on the level say should be and what can be done in order to increase to make it let's say a general rule like everybody today probably closes the door. Good evening, what can we do you have, one of the things in which we always advise is you use the cloud. So for example, the place, one of the ways to be secure is not to be fighting this alone. Because at some level, you want to be able to get leverage. If you go back to what I said, this is a signals game, you want to have the signal strength on your side, versus being isolated. So that's one of the reasons why I think it's going to be very important for us, especially around local government, public infrastructure, to be able to modernize the infrastructure and have it run in what is environments that are really well suited to fight. The cyber criminal activity may change to a certain extent the nature of our discussion, come back to an issue, which of course is very much in our minds this week here in Dubois, et Cie energy, sustainability and energy transformation. And you are one of the pioneering companies because you want to be by frente certainly not only carbon neutral, but carbon negative by 22. Yeah, which means to to take caps the citizens have passed, that's a direct. So now, what what would be your advice to us or campaigns? And what can Microsoft what can what kinds of technology like your technology do in order to help us companies to achieve to go faster in energy costs? Energy Security and energy? Yeah. So I mean, first, I'd say, you know, we're doing a lot first to make sure our house in order because given the commitments we have made, each year, we audit them, and we making sure that we are making progress on it. And quite frankly, in the last year, for example, I think on scope one and scope two, we did a good job reduced our emissions by 17%. Whereas scope three increased because of the increased usage of the cloud and our gaming consoles, and a lot of those, they increased by close to 20%. So we have our work cut out. In fact, I was very, very pleased, even this year, early on to see the work that we put into X box in order to reduce its energy footprint, when address so therefore, I think there's a lot of work, we're doing ourselves, quite frankly, like, after all, you know, all those AI supercomputers consume a lot of energy. And so one of the key things is that everything from the datacenter design to the power draw of the chassis in which these GPUs are racked, I think, the cooling systems, this is sort of innovation agenda, that's front and center for us. The second thing, though, to your point, clouds, which is one of the places where I think we can make a real difference. And we are working hard and we have launched something called the cloud for sustainability is around carbon accounting, right? So one of the it's somebody described it, to me, it's like we are trying to deploy an ERP system at the same time as the GAAP rules are being created. And so you need an approach even to how one does carbon accounting, that is more flexible, and keeps up with all the data that's coming in. And so we predict, we have a software system with many partners, we now want every small business, for example, I'm here like in Europe, I think every bank now is going to look at even the carbon footprint of companies before giving credit. And so in order to enable that and enable the fluency of that, I think we weren't, I can do a lot of work. And one other thing. I'd also mentioned going back to some of the AI pieces, and even sort of you mentioned quantum, I think the core at least my layman's understanding of even the energy transition challenges, we want to take 250 years of chemistry and compress it into 25 years. And if that is going to be possible, or one of the ways that is going to be possible is with computing power, and especially computational chemistry. And so we're doing a lot of work in whether it's AI techniques, or even quantum inspired algorithms even being run on classical to help with I would say computational chemistry and the discovery of new molecules that can perhaps accelerate this energy transition. I want to take you up on the word quantum come back to the for status evolution. For some people, quantum is still something in the future. For some it's already reality. Where do you stand in terms of you know, we ever had a research program and quantum In fact, in the last year, there have been some real breakthroughs because we've had an approach to quantum where we are trying to not just achieve quantum supremacy. But you know, to be able to build a general purpose quantum computer, you need to have sufficient number of stable qubits. And so the approach we've taken is that approach where can we build a general purpose quantum computer and I We've sort of published results on some of the breakthroughs in the last year. So I do think it's still, you know, ways away. It's not here today. But I think the interesting thing is the software stack that needs to be built for quantum is getting built actively. In fact, if anything, the entire, the fact that you can simulate quantum algorithms on classical is one place where we can in fact, already start benefiting. But let's face it, I mean, there is a, you know, lots of things that are happening that are rapidly moving, whether it's about on the encryption side, or how do you in the post quantum world, protect yourself. And so these are all fields that are actively both being researched, as well as being deployed. If you look at economic growth in the last 10 years or so, it has been very much driven by companies like yours. And so what's the kind of tech boom? And now, lately, we have seen the news about layoffs. And that's it mean, such the existing business model, on which the tech industry was based, is coming to an end, and has to be replaced by a new model? Yeah, I mean, I would say there are two things right. One is, I look at it in two ways. One is the overall economic growth in the world. Because at the end of the day, all of us are governed by what is happening in the world inflation adjusted in terms of economic growth. So because no one can sort of defy gravity, and the gravity here is inflation, adjusted economic growth. And I would say all up in the world, the inflation adjusted economic growth has been pretty weak. And one of the things that I'm optimistic is digital technology can help boost things like artificial intelligence can help boost it. That said, in the tech industry, we grow multiple times GDP. And so the question is, during the pandemic, there was rapid acceleration, I think we are going to go through a phase today where there is going to be some amount of normalization of the demand. Quite frankly, we in the tech industry will also have to get efficient, right, it's not about everyone else, doing more with less, we will have to do more with less. So we will have to show our own productivity gains with our own sort of technology. And then coming out of this cycle, though, clouds, I do believe that as a percentage of GDP to expand by definition will increase. And not because it should just increase, it will increase by because of its contribution to the all of GDP growth. So that's sort of how I view I think, what's happening in our industry, our business model challenges, but more importantly, what I think are the economic challenges in the world, right, Satya, I would go maybe even one step frozen would say, so the next phase must comprise much more application of Source technologies in areas where it is not yet applied. And I'm not thinking only of developing countries, I'm thinking of education, I'm thinking of agriculture, if you look, Chester or SOS two areas, they are very old fashioned. So this is a large, let's say, opportunity for Source technologies to penetrate much better. It's the overall economy, would you app. So it's a very important observation, because in some sense, what you're pointing out is also economic growth is not just economic growth, it's got to be equitable economic growth that is spread by geography, by sector, by segment is not about just large businesses, but it's about large and small businesses. It's about public sector institutions. And that I think, is the crux of it. Right? I think in this next phase of globalization, even I think when we talk about economic growth, we will have to think about it at the core, like what's the equity of that economic growth? And how is it being spread, justified to go even one step closer? If you if you go into this direction? I mean, talent question becomes key. Now you have attracted. So talents, the best talents, Silicon Valley in Seattle isn't so a lack of talents. Let's take agriculture to translate the potential into reality. So first of all, let's face it, I mean, there is there is a real issue around skills, rescaling and talent. I am very hopeful that some of these new technologies are going to be helpful in that process. What I mean by that is, you know, I gave you already that example of enriched Carpathia and him using GitHub copilot and as an elite AI developer getting a system Since from a co pilot, but the same thing is true for a first line worker using, say one of our tools like Power platform, to be able to use a natural language prompt to do some workflow automation. So think about this. This is someone who is in the frontline who has domain expertise but doesn't have IT skills, is able to now do it TAs, that's one way for us to, in some sense bridge the talent gap. So I think that you're pointing, in fact, even the rebalancing of even software engineering talent. In fact, if you think about it, then it was actually two years ago that the number of software engineers that are being hired outside of what is considered the tech industry is higher than in the tech industry. So that means going forward, we will have more of the digital skills spread much more evenly across the economy. And that's a good thing, right? Because we need that we need them in agriculture, we need them in banking, we need them in healthcare, we need them in education. We spoke about the global collaboration, religion. And I mentioned we have 80 companies behind and we have a permanent exchange of ideas. And one one, let's say, conviction came out set submit hours will be a tremendous way to provide us with new capabilities, particularly in education. Would you agree 100%? Because in some sense, if you look at there, too, in fact, if you sort of combine the two technologies that I think people are talking about take matters and take AI. If you put these two things together, what does that mean? Like it means that you can now help people learn with other people together, collaborate across space and time. And most importantly, something like a co pilot being there to help even diagnose the conceptual mistakes a student is making, right when they make it and then help them overcome that. I think so i think i think this notion of collaboration, and learning to gather is where I think we can make a real leap forward. I think one of the reasons why, let's say Susannah meeting is a success is not only working together to see serendipity effect. But if you do it in the virtual world, and let's say again, in the global collaboration, really, you can build in serendipity with artificial intelligence into the system. So you know exactly who is the best in order to help you to solve your own problem? That's right. That's right. In fact, one of the my favorite features even in one of the products we've recently built is whenever you want to research a topic, it doesn't just tell you the answer to the topic, but it tells you the people that you should connect with and that ability to know whom to talk to, to learn more, as something that is I think, as as important as learning more. And you can build it in. That's it. Now I really running out of time. But I would like to come back to one question, which we also touched upon last time, it is the future of work, and says a lot of discussion about remote work. And I think you and your company has been very, let's say engaged into discussions about this issue. What is your learning from those discussions? And what are your recommendations? I think that the key observation I make is we're still learning because there's been real structural change, I don't think we can just say we'll go back to 2019. Nor can we say we are going to live like is as if it is 2020, if you will, so therefore there is real, new patterns of work emerging that three trends that we are observing clouds, which I think are in to me, at least our guiding even our own set of decisions. So the first is there is what I'll characterize as this productivity paranoia. Right, which is every leader thinks that somehow they're not being productive, but there is everybody who's working in the organization feels burned out. So there is that debate as to who is true and what is the truth. And so therefore, I would say less more data, less dogma will be a good way to sort of end that debate. Now, in other words, at the end of the day, organizations have to be productive. There's no question the outcomes matter. And the question is, instead of being dogmatic about the way to achieve the outcome, we should sort of focus on the outcome and then rediscover perhaps new patterns of successful work. So that's one. The second thing I'd say is we're also learning that people come for other people, not because somebody said policies. So people don't come for policy but people will come for people and if you buy that then I think we all have to even learn many new soft skills, right? Convening, it's calling a meeting versus convening an event, two different things. You know, because you set like when you do convene an event, you set so much more context, you, you market it, you help people have a successful event. Whereas meeting, sometimes you go in unprepared, you don't worry about what the consequences of that are and what have you. So I think we all have to learn, be much more deliberate learn a lot of soft skills, so that people to people connections are really forming because that's, I think, very important for social capital. The last thing I'd even say is, it will be very important for us not to take for granted that the people who work in our organization, are all connected to the company's mission or the organization's mission. And so real recruiting training, in fact, one data point we observed, is unless and until people feel fulfilled in their jobs, in terms of new skills that they're acquired, they're not going to have loyalty to the organization. So us really investing in their progress inside of the job and the sense of accomplishment, I think, are going to be important, the tools and technologies are there. But I would say new management practice, and sensibility is perhaps what we will all have to develop. In this context. You're just used to build loyalty. How would you describe loyalty of an employee towards my cousin? No, look, I think, at the end of the day, I always say, the most important thing is for people to sort of think of who are working at Microsoft is the one is they should think of Microsoft as a platform to be able to connect with our mission to achieve what's core to them. I think that's the social equation. I think the loyalty is only exists if Microsoft as a platform is helping them achieve what they want to achieve. It's not a it's sort of not a something that we take for granted. It's something that we have to earn as an organization by giving people a platform. So you have to build an attractor. Absolutely. And also give them a reason why they think of Microsoft's purpose. Thank you so much. I may I may. Just close, I think we are already over time. But one short question. I met so many leaders and you may have seen in your agenda. I wrote a small article about how I define leadership. And I said leadership is a combination of social brain, heart, muscles and nerves. So standing for purpose, supreme standing for professionalism, so hard standing for passion, and see muscles for implementation capability, and goodness you need today. And I think we just have seen a leader who combines all those five dimensions. So thank you 

