Hello, and welcome to our press briefing on how to build a Metaverse for all I'm KEARSON SALUR from the World Economic Forum and I'm joined here today by a stellar panel of speakers. We have Kathie Lee, head of shaping the future of media entertainment and sport at the World Economic Forum. Huda al Hashimi, Deputy Minister of Cabinet Affairs for strategic affairs, the Office of the Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, and yet Co Co founder and executive chairman at Animoca brands. Thank you all for being here with us today. So the metaverse has been a big buzzword here in Davos this week. And we're here today to speak about what exactly it means and how we can ensure that it is inclusive. So why does this matter? The Metaverse is actually on track, according to some estimates to be an $800 billion market by 2024. So we're just looking one year ahead. And that will have serious implications for business as well as for consumers who are looking to navigate what this means for their work and for their lives. It also raises some serious questions about how we ensure these technologies are accessible, inclusive and safe. So that's the focus of the World Economic Forum's defining and building the metaverse initiative. This is an initiative that is made up of more than 150 members who are working on answering these tough questions. And there's two new papers released today, one on interoperability in the metaverse and another on demystifying that consumer Metaverse experience. So Kathy, could you tell us a bit about why this research is so important? And what these initial findings mean for the metaverse? Thanks, Kirsten for that. Hello everyone. Kathie Lee had immediate entertainment and sport platform at the forum. So the metaverse is been a buzzword is a evolving concept, one that doesn't have a standard definition yet. But many would agree that this new age of the internet will likely to disrupt but also transform the current social and also economic structures for more immersive and pathetic social experiences, to more universal access to education and healthcare. The Metaverse does bring us a lot of the new opportunities but at the same time, tremendous challenges as well. So because of all of this in, you know, interest in from business and also public public, the forum felt the time was right to start this initiative and really bring together the key stakeholders public sector, private sector, civil society, academia to come together and contribute to developing a future Metaverse that is safe, inclusive, intra interoperable, equitable, but also economically viable. And that's why we launched the defining and building the metros initiative at our last annual meeting in May. As the leading international work organization for public private partnerships, the forum is uniquely positioned to bring together this diverse set of stakeholders. The work focused on two key areas. One is metal risk governance, and the other one is economic and societal value creation of the two tracks. The governance track focuses on defining a set of governance frameworks. That recommended frameworks that prevent potential harms, and also mitigate emerging risks while ensuring equity and interoperability. The value creation track focuses on providing sis systems guidance to to prepare for the organizations to prepare for the inevitability of disruption, and also be aware of the potential value that the metaverse can generate. Since the lunch the initiative has convened more than 150 partners and organizations, including my two co panelists here who are on the steering committee of the initiative, together with the two working groups exploring the seams across both both tracks on governance. The main themes being thus being explored are privacy security, interoperability, safety and identity. The value creation track started with exploration of the consumer facing matters, and we'll develop to cover industrial and enterprise matters over the time. And in the meantime, we will also research the opportunities and and and trade offs in access, inclusion, sustainability and wellbeing for those who seek to use a Metaverse through months of intense research, you know, countless of working group meeting and steering committee meetings, and the interviews with constituents from all sectors. Both sectors are now ready to release their first outputs. The first output of the value creation track is on the insight report the demystifying the consumer Metaverse and explores key components foundational technologies, rows and paths to economic value and growth in the in the singular consumer matters. The governance track is launching interoperability a briefing paper called interoperable interoperability in the metros. For the metaverse to operate seamlessly, you will need to require a certain degree of interoperable interoperability for user to move transact participate across different platforms and localities. The two tracks collaborate, collaborate closely with each other, to make sure that the value creation in the metrics is considered within a well established governance framework, while the governance recommendations remain cognizant of the economic and also social opportunities. And lastly, I just wanted to mention that although again, metaphors presents such significant challenges. It could also be used for immense, immense good, and especially when driven by purposeful and ethical, public private partnerships. Thank you, Kathy. I think that oftentimes, interplay between the opportunities and the challenges is really interesting. And I'm hoping Huda, you can elaborate a bit on that in terms of actually looking at exciting developments in regulation to address some of these challenges. What are these exciting developments in the regulatory sphere that will be unique to the metaverse? And what do you think the most pressing issues are? So first of all, I'm super proud to be part of this steering committee. It's been a wonderful journey, a journey that we're constantly debating and learning from each other. And I think the mix of government and private sector and providers and creators is really bringing this collaborative spirit of something that I guess we all acknowledge is an unknown. And it's constantly evolving in the UAE context, and to ask why why we are part of this. Really, we're actively exploring the potential of the metaverse both from a regulatory aspect, but also from a value aspect as well. And that's why the two papers really sort of bring to to fruit that there is there is there is tremendous economic and societal value on this. But if it is unregulated, then there might be some issues with privacy, safety and security as well. So that goes very hand in hand. We recently announced our Metaverse strategy. We've also recently announced our blockchain strategy and we've hosted an assembly so we're quite active in this in this domain. So there's a lot of exciting things that are happening. The regulatory funding, might understand regulation and excitement don't go hand in hand. But I think in our in our world it does. We see that there might be an exponential increase in innovation and new business models as well as connecting across borders when it comes to the metaverse especially when it comes to virtual boundaries. We'll be talking about things like cross border exchanges. So these are things that are quite exciting for for expanding markets as well. We want to stop focusing on reproducing physical spaces in the metaverse. I mean, what's the value of having a government office in the metaverse and ask yourself that you want to climb the stairs to that office in the metaverse, we have to ask ourselves, why are we still stuck in that domains we want to break through and we believe that the exciting things that that that breakthrough will happen. We also see that regulators will be acting more like referees rather than gatekeepers. And that code of conduct will actually take precedence over formulating policies. So these are areas that we believe are exciting. And if I could just maybe summarize it into four main aspects, and I think you you mentioned that ethical and responsible participation. That's that's, that's, that's at the core of what we're trying to do size neutral, then also tech agnostic. The second one we believe is fostering passporting. And this is when we talk about global interoperability and and the amount of of scalability will happen when we actually do support regulations and standards in that sphere. And the third one is on democratizing adoption. And this is about ease of access, acceptance, affordability, safety at its core, and this is something that we want to be quite sure in the technology is our sleeve is really xx expanding, we see that they're really exploring and, and unless that happens, it will be just for a few. And that's not what we're looking for. We do want it to be equitable. And I think the fourth one is supporting innovation, Regulatory Sandboxes. And we want to move away from just talking about generic frameworks, and talking and beyond declarations. We want to actually test these in real life. And the only way we can do that is through having safe regulatory bodies. sandboxing. And we're all familiar with that terminology. But what does that mean in the metaverse? And that's I think it's going to be exciting time for us going forward. Thank you good. I think regulators like referees is a kind of a nice framework to keep in mind as we think through kind of what these challenges might be in a constantly evolving, playing field to extend your metaphor. Yet, as we were talking about scale here, you know, how do we go from where we are today to where we're going to be in one year and five years times? This is where interoperability I think becomes increasingly important as Kathy, as you mentioned, how does this exactly help with that value creation? And what does ownership look like in this digital world of the metaverse? So thank you. It's a great honor to be here. I think the important question we have to ask ourselves is the time that we spend online right now, we create data, and that data creates value for but for who is the question, and it creates value for the platforms? And the challenges that actually, when you talk about data portability, what data are you basically porting from one to another, it's permission for the time being. And that means value creation, in the current format, can actually really truly exist to accruing to the end user because they don't own that data or the derivative of the data. Because after all, we can ask ourselves a question, you know, if we weren't driving Tesla cars, would Tesla actually have the ability to become a self driving car, the value actually came from the people who are driving it. And that is true for name, your platform, basically, data paradigm. So what you know, and so the challenge that, you know, we're still debating and discussing is around this interoperability. Interoperability only means something we think if you have ownership, but what does ownership of your data look like? It's not just your photos, it has to be the derivative of that data, but the value of that data generated, right. And so when you then are able to move it imagine just from paradigm of, as I say, games, which is another way where, you know, 3.4 billion people are playing games today, all of those digital items that they have inside those games $200 billion of value generated last year alone. Actually, none of the players own any of those assets. They don't own that. But where this business will grow and is when there's interoperability, if you actually own it, you will have the freedom to take your assets from one game to another, or maybe create new gaming experiences for those who want to create a new game based on someone else's ownership as we do in the physical world. But that means we have to sort of rank or sort of sort of wrestle around this topic of tutors ownership and maybe digital property rights is one area. Is the answer web three. Do we use blockchain as a way to validate basically this ownership? Is it regulation? These are all things, obviously, that we're trying to come to terms with. But I think at the foundation, if you don't have true digital property rights, then you can actually have digital freedom, the freedom to transact, because it's always permissioned. So I think that these lies at the foundation of making interoperability benefit everyone. Thank you. Something that seems like it's coming across. And a lot of the comments here today is really the individual at the heart of the center of how we're thinking about defining what is a very technical and a very digital virtual space. Putting people at the heart of design, Kathy, that's something that the initiative is sort of working towards developing. Could you speak a little bit more about what that means? And especially around issues of accessibility? How are people actually going to be using that space? And how do we make sure that that really is an inclusive environment? As much as it can be? Yeah, absolutely. That's a great question. So when we think about, first of all, when we think about the metaverse, we don't think about the metaverse necessarily, as the end state is just ongoing digital transformation. And what that means is everything we're doing now needs to be translated properly into, you know, the future of the internet. And we've been saying for years that human rights should be respected and translated into the digital context. That means that the rights that you enjoy offline, and the rights to privacy to security that you have offline, to be translated into our language world as well. And that's why we keep preaching that the future of the Internet therefore the metaverse needs to be human first, because human needs remain at the center of the of the design and that comes with Many different realms, for example, privacy, security and safety when we think about all the issues related to the design of the internet, and many of the pitfalls who actually didn't foresee when the internet, you know, was born 40 years ago, we now need to carefully, carefully think about how we can, how we how can we safeguard the future of the of the internet. Accessibility is one thing that's extremely important. We're talking about accessibility, not only in terms of disability, but we're also talking. So here we're talking about, you know, people who have different eyes sides, different, you know, preferences, they may, we need to think about when it comes to design of the headsets, we need to consider all of those those requirements, and also demographic and also geographic divide as well. We need to make sure that this doesn't create another opportunity, another chance for the further digital divide to occur. So all of those needs to be thought through. And that's why, for example, even the, for example, the interoperability paper focuses on looking at in trouble interoperability, not only from the technical perspective, but usage across different demographic and geographic and also jurisdictional interoperability. Thank you. I think that point about the metaverse as this evolving, next step of the internet is really interesting, especially if we look at some of the challenges that have been experienced in the internet thus far, one of which, of course, privacy. Yeah, I'm hoping to your experience, if you could speak a bit to how you see those continuing debates around privacy online. How you see that happening when we started talking about this virtual world at the metaverse. So I think the way we think of privacy, and I think, first of all privacy, digital identity, security, they all go hand in hand, we really see that happening right now, if someone basic intrudes on sort of your personal digital space, they steal your identity, it's actually much more, we have digital reputation today as well, it's you know, it's not just sort of our sort of physical identity. It's our virtual persona, our virtual image that is actually important. And so in terms of privacy, how can you basically do the things online, particularly if you look at somebody doing on chain, everything then becomes transparent, you see what you're doing? Is that something we want, as some things in our life that we want to keep private to ourselves? The data that we give, for instance, we want to be able to get the benefits of that. But then how much of that should be disclosed to others? Do we have the right to basically maintain that data? Do we have the right actually not to share it? Can we not share it? Right? That's the other question. Because actually, I think we all can assume that the platform's probably know a whole lot about us that we don't actually believe they might understand. Or maybe they may even know more things more about us. How are we able to sort of analyze that? And I think the answer to us again, goes back to the question of, actually, if we have a form of digital property, if we have proper digital property rights, then there is a form of a legal system, I think the protection on digital privacy isn't going to just be a technical solution, it's going to have to be one that is covered in law, because we are humans, where people we live physically, as much as we love to exist virtually for many of us, I guess, and we spend most of our time online, we still need to follow the places, the physical laws that were in the physical countries we live in. So I think the interplay, and the combination with regulation and with government is going to be very important for that. Absolutely. And part of this also is a constantly evolving nature of innovation within that space. Who does you mentioned in terms of looking at innovation? sandboxes? You know, how can we think through what's next? In the metaverse, I was hoping you could speak a bit to some of these developments, these innovations and where you see some potential for the metaverse to be that force for good as as Kathy mentioned, you think? Definitely there's there's a lot of exciting things happening in this sphere. And we talk about force for good. We talk about human centered metaverse. And we really, as a steering group have been addressing that as well. And we've really put it at the core public value and interoperability as Kathy mentioned, that doesn't look at just technology. And in fact, when we when we when we were debating this, it's really value to presidents in all the different aspects that we looked at. With with exciting things. There's there's a lot of exciting things that I would say is trying to mitigate potential risks. So if we put it that way, one of the areas that we're finding quite interesting is on mental wellbeing. And, and with the amount of time that we will be spending in the metaverse the hybrid between physical and virtual it will take its toll on mental well being and we've seen a lot of countries that are really actively pursuing, embracing new technology and brain health into the regulation quite early on. So this is something that's exciting. It's very early days, but it's something that we should learn from each other. And that's the beauty of of all of us exploring in this sphere. The other aspect that we're looking at his new forms of harassment, and security and safety and, and the reason why there are new forms, and it's actually happening web 2.0. It doesn't mean it's, it's something that we have to anticipate for Metaverse is because technology is constantly evolving. So the forms of harassment are changing. And the core of what we're trying to do, here's the only way we can tackle this is by being agile. And agility is at the core of all of this and and because we cannot see what's coming next we see the chat. The chat AI that we're that that recently taken over all of the universities debate right now. So it's either we anticipate the future, which at this industry is not as easy to do, or we program ourselves to be agile, to be able to evolve with the technology that's evolving around us. Another key thing is being proactive for risks, and hence sandboxing those potential areas, I think one of the things that we as regulators always dabbled with is the timeliness of regulation. how fast or how late and the report does talk a lot about that as well as that, How soon should we be involved? Or how much space should we get for the industry to grow? And then jump in? And, and really it there is no right answer to that. And it's really depends on the severity of the impact it will have on society. And at the same time, the severity of impact will have on growth and and technology as well. Thank you. That's a really interesting point you brought up around mental well being harassment, risks that could potentially come up in this space as it has in the evolution of the Internet to date. Kathy, I'm hoping you can bridge this with some of the other work we're doing around digital safety and digital safety, especially in the metaverse, what have you found to be most effective at addressing these concerns? Absolutely. So back to the earlier point about, we need to first First of all, recognize that there's digital rights, there's human rights needs to be properly placed into into this context. And that's the first step because if we talk about the safety in the web 2.0, in terms of the nature of it is not that different from from web 3.0, or the future of the Internet, is just the the magnitude of the kind of content you probably need to moderate is going to be at a different level, because we're not talking about only text base, or image base, you know, harmful content, potentially, there could be, you know, because we're talking about audio, and gestures, so a lot of the anthem and femoral communications will need to be taken into consideration. And they will need, you know, innovative technologies to detect some of the, you know, harmful content or inappropriate conduct. When they happen, there needs to be proper ways of intervention and appropriate, you know, risk assessment framework in place to make sure that we do design the spaces, you know, safety by design. So those are all the very important things to be taken into consideration. And again, you know, without a public private kind of collaboration to look at this, those challenges all together, I don't think we can get there. Thank you very much. I'd like to now open it up to the audience, if we have any questions. I'm happy to All right, thank you. My question was about the property rights and the value chain. Do you think the cats out of the bag and sensor that like, Facebook already knows everything about me? And how can I get there have to be some? Yeah, a lot of the jet chat GPL GPT? I don't know. But they already know about me, and I didn't even know it existed. So like, how do you how do we get those rights back when they're already seemingly been passed away? Well, that's a great question. I think what a lot of people look at, for instance, web three, as the next evolution of the Internet, or data basically be stored on a public database, which typically is typified by something like blockchain, it may not ultimately take that form. But that's basically how many people look at web three and say, things that are on chain and a public database means that for the first time, we can truly own our digital assets away from these centralized platforms. And what that means is that network effects really what you want is to have the benefit of the network effects that that data generates. But in a sort of private database, you don't know what happens you can't see inside of So you can see inside these companies, so you don't know its value. Now imagine in a future that would be potentially web three, what actually what that would look like is that at the end of the day, you would know who had used your data at Facebook and how much value is generated? You wouldn't know okay, maybe you generate 1000s of dollars of value for Facebook, the natural response for you would be to say, oh, I should be receiving, you know, a share for that. This, by the way, is what what one was in were one or two information, we were able to transparently disclose what prices were sold for, and gave rise for these transaction, sort of commerce platforms, whether it's an Alibaba and eBay, because I could see what the price of rice was sold in China, as well in America from a Chinese farmer, for instance. And could they say, oh, you know, I want to basically charge more for that. More importantly, an intermediary might come in and say, Oh, actually, I can sell it for some kind of, you know, profit, and I will pay you more and creates a fair marketplace. So with web three, what happens is that data becomes a commodity. Now, you may say, okay, Facebook already knows everything about us. But really, it's the constant evolution of the data that matters, data becomes stale, right? It's not valuable, if it doesn't, if you don't keep adding to it. And so where do we then move our data thereafter? And that's basically where the next phase what some of us describe as web three, but other platforms are building up to have a way of doing that. So but you know, it's early days, in comparatively speaking, I think that's the opportunity. And obviously, platforms like meta are also thinking how they play in this environment, we also have to look at, for instance, how did Matt, how did Facebook grow, they grew actually through the API economy, and who basically built those economies, other companies who built product on them, and made it made them big. And for what, for a moment, actually, they were offering it to everyone. And then they started to create restrictions for various business reasons, for various regulatory reasons. And then basically, suddenly, people didn't have access to it. And they became, you know, inadvertently D platformed. Right. And so this is why permissionless is important, from, from at least our perspective, because if you don't have the ability to just change the rules at any time, as we have with physical property, then you can actually build a stable business. Imagine if you owned what apparently on your physical property, and the rules kept changing every six months, or every 12 months, you can invest for anything beyond the six or 12 months. But if you knew you owned it, you know, because you can have the, you know, for like 3040 50 years, then you can actually make a long term investment. And that's where interoperability and digital property rights matter. Because if I can actually make a long term investment, because I know it can be used in many ways, and because I'm an assured, absolutely assured of that ownership, then you can actually really enjoy the benefits of true capital formation. There is a sort of thing that you know, in some media might be perceived as negative. But non fungible tokens is one of such expression, I wouldn't say it's the only expression but it's one such expression of digital property rights. And we can see, for instance, what it's done for artists, as well as for creators of any kind, where they've been able to generate much more value, precisely because they own those assets. And they were able to receive ongoing royalties in a transparent manner, because it is on chain. And we see basically some of those benefits that are forming. And obviously, part of the working group that we have here is to try to make sure that we can make this open to all and also do it in a way that is inclusive for everyone. Thank you very much. I'd like to end by just asking each of my speakers in one line, if you could summarize your thoughts in five years. What is the metaverse look like? What is your hope for the metaverse? Starting with you, Kathy? In five years, I hope we are more clear in terms of the value that the metaverse could generate through different lenses. And we should have more clarity in terms of how to govern certain aspects of it as well. That will be my hope. Thank you. I hope in five years that it's not a terminology that people are still trying to figure out. It's an everyday practice that we don't even acknowledge that it's there because it's so ingrained in everything that we do. So we don't talk about the internet because it's part of our lives. So I believe in five years time, the metaverse will be part of our lives whether we like it or not. I think the metaverse I mean, I agree with everything. But I think the metaverse also will be entirely new national economies will spring out of the metaverse like a virtual society that is real because of all the transaction value, because of all the commerce that's happening on it. And I actually also believe that there's going to be for the virtual governance that will take place in the metaverse almost like a new set of countries, as it were. And I think that's going to bring up some very interesting conversations. But these are already kind of happening. You could see that the platforms are actually at scale, like many countries, but with the metaverse with ownership, we might have an opportunity where you could have sort of national virtual economies in which every user actually has a stake in it. And because it is a co owner of it instead. Thank you very much My panel of speakers here today and to everyone in the audience and watching from home. Thank you and goodbye. Thank you. Thank you 

