Ladies, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us for the for this very special session at the world, the World Economic Forum. We've had many extraordinary conversations here. But I think this one is going to be truly special. We have an address by a world leader and then a panel of world leaders to discuss what is really the central issue in the world today, which is Russia, Russia's war on Ukraine, the West's response was response and where that will go. Just to start us off, you know, they sometimes say there are people who need need no introduction. I think that this might be the definition of such a person. But I think there's another definition that comes to mind. I think that in in years to come when dictionaries are trying to decide how to you describe and define the word courage, they might say such a quality as president Zelensky of Ukraine demonstrated during during the Russian invasion of his country. So without any further ado, first order of businesses. We will hear directly from Keith live from the from the President of Ukraine. I will take one second before to just let you all know we have a very special situation situation right now, which is the first lady of Ukraine is in the audience. And she will be watching watching her husband, Mr. Mr President. Ladies and gentlemen 10 hours ago a tragedy happened to gnocchi the helicopter crash planned live for the Minister of Internal Affairs is Elise and helicopter when it found near a kindergarten 14 of Ukrainian families lost the loved ones to the men anymore or losing the battle because I should ask you to honor the memory of Mr. Carson in his last without a minute of silence. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you for this meaningless only one minutes, but it keeps your memory about so many people. You grin lives 1000s of such students including three minutes on January 14, three minutes. The time for Russian visa to travel hundreds of kilometers. He's a residential block in rural and kill at least for the live video. qualifying children my address will be short about the time we are short of about small minutes about yours many of these units. Three years ago I spoke at the mall for the first time in Orissa. The topic was how to build a cohesive and sustainable world I'm talking online now. And the topic is how to cooperate in and divided for romantic war. There you go cannot keep the peace with changes and challenges. The list of crisis global security, environmental food security Energy wants needs to be amended with another one. The tire crisis, the list of calls for decisive, efficient joint actions means to be extended with one more the call for Spirit, the Spirit of decisions making reaction of the civilized world. three instances are outpacing life, the tyranny is outpacing the demand. Russia needed less than one second to serve the world. The world needed this to react with the fewest sanctions. The time the free world uses to thin is used by the terrorist state to kill you. Ukraine and its allies have been resisting aid for almost a year this period prove all our prompt actions brought positive results. The opening of European borders we ran out the grand deal the energy unit together they said millions millions of lives and not only in Ukraine. It is not only Ukraine but the whole world needs exactly this pace of decisions and x the world was hesitant in two zero 14 When Russia without hesitation occupy the Crimea the world was hesitant in the two zero 22 When Russia without hesitation made to work full scale the wall must not hesitate today, and never when the envelope seeks revanche, the wall will miss result and spirit. Russia is exporting terror Russia is spreading that strain of the world around the world. Ukraine offers the war and peace formula please 10 steps that the world must make faster than Russia makes. It's the most mobilization on the war must out please and next military mobilization of our joint enemy. The supplying of Ukraine with air defense systems must outpace Russia's next missile attacks. The supplies of Western tanks must outpace another invasion of Russian tanks. The restoration of security and peace in Ukraine must outpace Russia's attacks on security and peace in other contexts. A tribunal for military crimes must prevent new models, the expansion of NATO and really you must outgrow the spread of the Russian aggression. We routinely defend values which some of the allies take for granted as a fact of life for us is the fact of life in the world in need of restaurants and Prom steps. Ladies and gentlemen, three years ago was my first time at WTF it was the time when the ward was hiding COVID-19 fault and won. Now the world is fighting against Fujitsu. In three years, we will be discussing new challenges and threats in the voice. What will this mean? It will mean we will definitely overcome the current threat. The History repeats itself. It helps us the old either fails to notice or other estimates a threat then it's you nice to resist it and then the world waits every time the same our conquer the world overcame Nazism. The Palm Pilot and panics they indifference to climate changes financial crisis and the Kremlin string, no gold oil or GM again these Here's how much can be said in a matter of minutes. This is how much can be understood in a matter of minutes the world will overcome. Again, the time is high, to make it happen faster, slow Okay. Mr. Mr. President, thank you so much for that moving address. Let me let me ask you a few questions. I know how pressed pressed you are so, so thank you in advance for this. And of course, let me extend my condolences. And I think everybody in this audience has condolences for the terrible tragedy that took place in Ukraine. In November and December, the world watched with amazement as Ukrainian forces liberated in one town and city to another. It seems now as though the war has moved into something that looks more like a stalemate. Can you can you tell us what what war looks like to you on the front lines right now? If I can't ask you. This was the question, you know. Yeah, you know, for eight. Thank you for your condolences, by the way. I think when you came on land, some of our child into the war doesn't look good. It has not been good since the beginning and trailing winter time, it slows down for known understandable reasons. Everyone gets tired. The nature is the people warm up. Thanks, God, the enemy, too. That's how it looks. It looks as follows. Daily are just fine. It's the east of our country means we are standing strongly, resolutely, I'm thankful to the Warriors, living bonds, they're ones that we've unfortunately lost for the bravery. It's very important to know that we are strong, not just in the history of our country, but it's really hard. But we are also strong inside the nation inside our state, we are united we are mobilized because we are motivated. It was not us who started the war. But it is us you will have to end it. And it will our lands are having it do occupied with your respect to our people and our sovereignty in other parts of our nation. The South North to control the situation. And definitely the processes have slowed down a bit for a variety of reasons. Number one is very thin appearing reminders. It is not just about us keeping United inside the country, we need to have the whole world united and out our joint failures. And because of that we truly need are those of us to continue that support of Ukraine to contain you with supplies of necessary ammunition that we required to get directed over the enemy into battlefields. We also need the financial support. I'd like to thank all the nations, the European Union for the support of our budget deficit, and that continuing to support us this year. I also think it is really important that you know, given the energy challenges that we are seeing and this these are surely related to this respect of the humankind's you know the facts ago against our grades against our energy sector with Iranian drones with Russian missiles in order to instill chaos inside the country. Because of that, you definitely need assistance from our partners with different system. Lots of these. I know this is a deficit But I'd like to thank Oh, many countries worldwide for their assistance. Also, with alternative energy connectivity solutions from what it looks like now, Russia intends to get this revenge. We think that they will succeed because they're fighting not just Ukraine, but the whole civilized approach towards life. Thank you. Yesterday in Davos, Henry Kissinger, suggested that while Ukraine must be supported, and in fact, he came out in favor of Ukraine's membership in NATO, there must also be a dialogue with Russia, because Russia must be a part of the global order. You know, Russia very well, you speak Russian fluently? What are your thoughts on Russia's place in the world? I don't know the proper place. Today, I think that Russia has already earned a place in my interests. And this no longer depends on their leadership. Now, I think their leaders are no longer affecting the development of Russian Federation, its sculptured and so on. Everything depends on the strength of Ukraine. It's supported by the partners, the political support from the world, as well as from the Russian society. They have to open their eyes, if they want to see the future of the Russian Federation with the eyes, they have will have to recognize their own mistakes, they will have to recognize the UN statutes, and they will have to really respect our territorial integrity. I'm really glad to hear that Mr. Kissinger changed his mind. Our priority today, our political task today is to see that different political leaders and figures, those who are still very relevant, so have been relevant until recently, for them to be able to recognize the great mistake that Putin committed for them to recognize this as Russia's aggression. These moments, it is very important for them as well to political pressure on Russia to stop this bloody aggression. As regards NATO. We clearly understand that security guarantees are among the top priorities for us. Speaking of our formula for peace, it is a mothertongue priorities. They don't understand that at the moment, we are allotted not again, unfortunately, Russia does understand this as well. And they do their damnedest to not make it easier for us to join. But we are on the way towards later because they it is the best security guarantee for us, for our country for our gates for our country. So we have suggested security guarantees for our nation and we think that the civilized world is going to support our proposals. Finally, Mr. President, the accident, the helicopter crash, we think was an accident. We hope it was an accident, but it did raise in my mind and it of course must have raised in your mind the question of your own safety. Do you feel that there are still ongoing active threats that are increasing? Do you worry about your own security every day? No, I'm not worried about that. Don't have anything to add here You said you said it once. You don't need a ride you need ammunition right. No one has been there was none. Nothing has changed. We still need ammunition. I am not in case to anything to anywhere. Just to add with your permission. You said accident. I'd like to tell you that because of the board experience that I have now, like society has now this is not an accident because it has been due to poor and the poor has many dimensions not just from the battlefield. There are no accidents at war time. These are all board results. Absolutely. Although steps everything happening, missiles striking our civilians. Our kids being killed and kindergartens at schools. Someone might try me would read the formation that it was us who get our own civilians at the crosshairs and they were just wanted to hit some power block and that just a mishap. This is different. Just empty words. Every individual every death is a result of the war. Mr. President, thank you for your time. You've been very generous. Best of luck. 

